true despite what
say I will remember that I walk through that
square that we could not shamefully
Neither
look the moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking to the 12
remained silent in The Great
City City City City City for
that I want to shine the star in the
sky If I have the most beautiful by my side
of the
firmament I don't know if I
You will understand what I am telling you.
feel the heart as it smiles By
[Music]
inside you
I'll say pinch me every day
wake up that if I argue it is for
to know you better there are no fogs that can
darken this
[Music]
love it
I know that we will go through moments that are not
We imagine that the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leave us but this feeling of ours
will put that the
wounds that fall on the soul breathe me
by
please because this life is for us
escape, what do I want to see?
shine so that I want to see it shine
star in the sky If I have by my side
the most beautiful of the
firmament I don't know if you will understand me and this
What I tell you, you have to feel your heart
how he smiles By
inside I want to see what I want
see if I have some next to me
firmament I don't know if you will understand me there
fact that And I tell you there is that
feel the heart as it smiles with
[Music]
I enter
Well what's going on here What's going on What
What's happening What's happening
What's going on here with the rain blanket?
and this direct hit, the one from yesterday, eh
my mother
yesterday what a great live show it was
Uncle, the best thing is that you didn't improvise.
because I spent the whole afternoon preparing it
but yes man it is
more Well reacting a little not the most
natural how are you aini how are you rosaca what
such Raquel How are you?
Honey How are we How are we
We are well, I hope you had
a very good day I woke up very
I went to training early, super punctual
Maribel also I was about to have to
recognize
of missing eh I have to admit that
I was about to miss when I
wake up because it's mid-afternoon there
things as they are no And when I when I
I woke up at 9 and said, at 9 I'm leaving.
to go and put on the crofi, the kofo, the crofi
No, allofo, okay Mercedes, a kiss, gorgeous
Thank you, Mercedes, for 27 months now with me.
the two hands together
what a pain but I went back to get back in
in bed and to
In the end I said no ...
you have to put your balls in it
matter And that's what I did and that's what I did and I went to the
crossfit And yes it is true that then
After eating, I've already gotten it
I dream and I go to bed and things like that
I had a good nap. Let's see.
We are going to configure it here.
camera that is
Well, I'm going to focus here on the
little corner that today we have many little things
that
see and here add a little more to
Here, truth be told, so that more TV can be watched.
that my face that my face is not so
important no yes yes you want to see my face
Don't come, let's put it a little further here.
Carmen, a kiss, beautiful, 24 months or so.
Carmen, do you want to tell me that we just
celebrating two years together Carmen you are me
Carmen saying with that renewal that
we just turned 2 years old, have you seen?
like here when I do the live shows with
This program
I'm not going crazy with the audio or anything
like that it's only with the [ __ ] Stream
that one of the eggs with which I make the
direct with the
buddies with what I do live with
the
buddies what is the song at the beginning
I never remember because it's the song It is
one of the songs of
Manuel Muñoz Manuel Muñoz what I don't
agreed the title of the song in
Yeah
What is
what is that
yes indeed
man
Hey, it's Echo writing to me.
[Music]
He is writing to me, welcome.
has heard echo truth has been heard
double has been heard double truth or has
It was my thing, eh. He just wrote to me.
Torrino who operated on me
nose
I have to make a video, Uncle Le.
I promised and I promised you that it was going to be
a video of the nose job dude
I know what I'll do, I don't know if I'll upload it here or in
the main It depends on how it turns out
true It depends on how it sounds and
with the tikitiki
truth is heard echo the
tikitiki Why why
why a two
TR Why what sense has it had that it
listen
double what
sense what sense it has had I like
this time to be able to be live
well well well I didn't get you used to it
because until now eh normally the
yours normally yours that until
now not be here but be there
Kids, you sound very low, Javi.
King, these sauces accompany me in my
hours of study is saving my life
Holy Week is heard
down below you can hear down below and also a
implant video
Jai and the eyelids
and the eyelids were also going to be
video was going to be video
of each thing but I missed those
I upload the videos here to Teres Alceo. No
That audience is more than just a target audience
Teres Alceus
No, if you want to laugh for a while, read the
Tania's statement that she has made a
communicated to a taquito where I hear it
Well, let's see, it turns out well for me below.
audio eh Let's see what I
listen
of each thing but I missed those videos
I upload them here to me if I can listen to them
well I hear it
well in the main
Maribel about the kids' hair
I don't know, I think it's more of a public issue.
objective from here of tes salseo the
TRUE
Tania wrote a
release
Why do I want to see the lights shine?
stars in the
darling
yes by my side
I have the most beautiful of
[Music]
my
Oh when you are ready and edited you will know
where to put it Yes statement statement
let's see the statement statement What's happening
that if I put you in front if I put you
the statement will not be read in front
No, if I put it in front of you, you can't read it.
statement No better than to put it to the
screen like this not to see the statement Good
Good afternoon to all of you who are going to read this.
In light of recent events, I see myself
forced to state the following that I
I first contacted Loli's sister
Then she contacted me again
contact me And finally he thanked us
live via Instagram and always with
clear respect for her for her
respect you already know what it means to her
respect is then to call you a lowlife
sibylline gatan snake
jealousy for her respect you know what
it is not but apart from this point
What is this or what is it that
intends to justify with this first
point that she does not contact relatives of
the others But if the first thing you put Is
that I contacted the sister first
of
Loli Oh damn something bit me Oh damn
something has bitten me
I mean, but trust what it clarifies for you, no
so that people don't throw him away
face that you told relatives not that I
I contacted, that is, we are talking about a
girl who in her live opens directly to
so much of the night very angry and we
warns by calling it a warning not per
with that of that we are like
We are eh I'm going to get a lot of [ __ ] out of
I have a lot of [ __ ] from you guys and
I'm going to take it out no and we're talking about
a person who contacts relatives is worth
And now he tells you as justification that
I first contacted the sister of
Loli then contacted me again.
contact me of course is what they are about
Tania's conversations are something else
that you do not have conversations
you understand more than shouting but the
conversations are like this I contact you
You answer, I contact you
you answer it's called messaging
so
messaging that wasn't a conversation
scripted of course for her scripted
what little thing for her was not scripted
scripted eh It wasn't scripted because
They didn't give the woman a script
So since they didn't give him a script, no
is
scripted a scripted thing Tania
could be
that the word itself has a hyphen
He says it doesn't have a
script and a scripted thing can be
that you
lame and
you go asking rhetorical questions or a
rhetorical conversation to obtain the
answers you want
get and then publish the Pieces of
the conversation that you like and the
that not the Descartes that you contact
with a relative of Loli Huertas
to clarify things that were
saying nu Cris that this is how I go by memory
to list a few, one if Loli
had cancer or not two if you have money or
not three if he took money or not
four if the money was in the account
of another relative or was in hers
five if you have had more problems with
other relatives
six Irene León theme Irene León no if you
you give him a bomb interview like kin
Africa no to a character like this no
that bomb and all the conversation and
all the points that need to be made
deny not to leave the flight in a bad light, yes
You of all that you publish is me following
Javi Oliveira I don't follow him anymore man Well
maybe a little scripted
You're good, I think your life is
completely scripted by Javi
Oliveira Tania, I think your life is going well.
scripted by Javi Oliveira Vale Pero
Well that is not an interview nor is it a
bomb or anything That's a firecracker that you
It has exploded in your hands and you have
It was fatal once again, but fatal once again
time
more Or rather it reminds me that you have seen
the movie I'm going to tell you a movie
from Disney But well you already know no Javi
Oliveira, do you know the movie Frozen 2?
Have you seen the movie Frozen 2?
a scene
I would have to have it here at hand.
that I have it here at hand because it is
as very recurrent in Frozen 2 there is
a little doll that is Olaf who is the
Okay, and there's a wall.
that he thinks he can get through and he can't
can go through okay And Tito Tito does you
boom and Tito crashes Tito you boom and crashes
clash Well that Tania that Tania is worth Tito
Tito hits you and crashes and doesn't realize it and
Tania doesn't understand anymore to look good
Somehow so that people
had another image of her or was worth
something any word she says eh
any of their needs were taken into account
things that denounce or arguments that
have
you should completely reset your
presence on the networks, that is, taking a break
Rest Remove everything that is there
uploaded so far but both on tikt
like on Instagram like everywhere
Okay and start over and have another one
attitude and no and not to stand there as if
had knowledge of legal issues
I don't understand this insistence on going
Let's see, comment on it as a person
neighborhood as a humble person as a person
you know but she puts herself in term
provincial court the magistrates
judges the I don't know what and I uncle of
True Javi, these people are not going to get you.
release Yes, if they are going to release me, I will let you know.
I say don't worry, in the meantime
that they release me and we will not be commenting
and denying what we have to
But what are they going to let me out?
I tell you that
Yes, I'm telling you that they're going to release me and
and and and yes I'm just going to tell you that okay
The sister begged me that according to what things
They were omitted and so we did Of course
Yes man, of course, the sister tells you
begged you to publish what you
liked Vale and what you didn't want
publish it so that you had it in the
rearguard to have blackmailed
Some way to Loli Huerta Of course
Of course, your sister told you, Hey, why
Please don't post the cancer thing, okay?
keep saying that my sister says the
truth in carn gabaldón Many
Thank you for that gift I ask everyone
Chat give you a round of applause, beautiful.
Thank you very much, Loli's sister.
Tania said don't publish the cancer thing no
You publish the cancer thing, keep lying.
keep lying to your audience
Okay, that Tania was super offended.
that I was super offended because I
I had made peace with a YouTuber and
then the reason the reason why
I made peace, I didn't tell my
audience I invented something else so as not to
tell him personal issues more than anything
okay or jabi oliveira cheated on his
audience and you Tania when did you say
a truth to your audience you are not going to
pay even for it by lying and by
your offenses and your insults are worth it. And
for you
signaling and by yours
lies, look how quickly you make a
direct in the morning and at noon
Loli werta was already exploding, you have
made a fool of himself and now we'll see
This afternoon's live broadcast by Loli Huerta
I mean, look at what the headline is like.
Loli Huertas makes you look ridiculous, Loli
Huerta that argues as it argues you
make a fool of yourself That's the one
level there is no more there is no more
more is what
there is no more there is no more it is not possible
get more let's go to m to you it doesn't make you
you need to humble yourself
Oliverta, there are people who leave themselves in a bad way. Yes.
same every day it is worth wanting to remember one
Okay, I'm going to take advantage of this moment.
to stop what I said yesterday through the
straight ok I'm going to say it again
here
because I look at this is a lady
YouTube channel contributor
Twitter user who also calls herself
information medium no I don't usually
respond to the nonsense that usually
say no and that is usually said by
the channels because because well I'm going to
see in court is fine And obviously
because there will be every single thing that has
said and once I explain them Well I
Later I will inform you now.
We'll see, it depends on how it goes. Well, I
I will come here when that happens next year
will surely come and I will tell you Look this is
what he said and his justification is in the
court okay told me this and she said
which is that he took it from an account of
Twitter Okay and he didn't care about me
clarification not only that but others
things that he said afterwards are worth it because
has gone through channels saying well almost
that I'm going to almost that I have one foot in
Jail is fine. But well, that's a
something we will talk about in a year
a year and a half I'm not going to, I'm not going to say
nothing is worth it, I talk about her as if she were
any user is worth it
and forget about the username of the
channels where he collaborates and other things are worth it
only yes please okay If not
we have the capacity to
argue in a debate let's not get into
debates Why Why man use
that a person has a deficit of
attention or that is
EVERYTHING is valid here. Well, several collaborators.
They have admitted that they have it and it does not happen
nothing I mean no I'm not going to tell you the name
because I don't know if it sounds like yes or no
They have said it here in public, I don't want to
put your foot in it But there are some
telesalseo collaborators who have
claimed to have it I know a lot of
people who have it is a super thing
common nothing happens at all it is not
A defect is not a defect, a defect, Pilar
Pilar Verun has a defect in her education.
to think that ADHD is a defect, a defect
in their civility
is to think that telling a person
with ADHD who has a defect that is a
crazy or what is a
sick
and that is offensive, okay, so be it, if not
we have civic education capacity to
debate if I don't know if we haven't made progress
as a society if we have not learned what
that which leaves others in a bad light and what
It's not worth it because when I see a
person here insulting another with what
It has a defect, that's what you have to do
tell him that is, you have no arguments to
take apart what he's telling you Hey for
what is I don't know I think that here
we are still going to many of them
the characters we bring out here in
telesalseo I can tell you that you have
a defect or something like that is fine but
I don't think I've done it yet with
none of the ones we are talking about
Okay, why? Because I can take it and
I can say look here you lie here
you lie you said this then you say this
here you made it up you played with this
you played with the other thing that they call
argument is worth this
This is Pilar Bereum as well as
when you have criticized people because they
I think that the goal with the physique of others is
even worse because the physical can be
improve okay this is one thing that you don't
you choose to have ADHD, you don't choose
have it no And
so it's a very low attack it's a
very low attack eh that is also clear
an attack with the intent to offend
person who has ADHD but is not
offending the person who has ADHD
because when you say that you have one
tara or when you say I have called
There are a lot of crazy people who are [ __ ] or sick.
loose The one that looks bad is not him
really idiot eh or the one that remains
Bad is not the idiot But good the level
It's the one that's worth it. I rebel. That's right, eh?
H I rebel every day and super
Antonio David fan fighting for a
tremendous cause worth it But to those who
They have ADHD, I call them that they have one
tare, it's okay that they have a tare
that I found out about something
just like the Trojan horse listening to the
audios And this is the truth feeling us
like real idiots having
defended someone who lied in
some things in others not but that
We had to keep quiet about that third one
person forgive me okay that still
I'm assuming the piece of live that
we did yesterday, okay forgive me
forgive me for what thing or thing if it is not the
from cancer if it is not the
cancer what else did Tania expose and
from the Troy of the audios that outrage you
a lot because it was a lie of
Loli
Which
thing which
thing then of course here is what it is
saying is that he was outraged at all
Loli's lies that were discovered in
those
audios but that others asked him
sister who does not
they put
Which things did he put and which ones
No, Mrs. Huertas has been deceiving you.
to his community and to those who were his
friends since the
met m Maki Kira welcome heart
a
kiss they did not deny anything with the audios
that with the audios the only thing they put
It was that Jav Oliveira I don't know what no and no
I know that it was not to deny Loli
It was to disprove him
flight that Our objective was
defend it from attacks which we have
seen them all and now
silence What are those
attacks What are the attacks of the
that they defended her, but then
Let's see if I
I clarify that you are offended, offended, you are offended.
Troy you are both offended by the
Loli's lies
Huerta to his friends and his
community and you are defending it from
which attacks
of which
attacks but but no no no no they are not
attacks what she calls attacks is
when other people do what she has
made
Now what happens is that if others do it
is attacks and if she does it it is
disassemble Tania you wouldn't know how to disassemble or
a Lego toy let's see when you get it
you put it in your head that your capacity in
YouTube is for commenting on other things
Okay, and you have thanks. So you scream.
that you do those things that you do not that
you did not And that draws attention
but nothing more. I mean, don't think you're a Javi.
Oliveira, don't even believe a line or
you are going to believe any of that is worth it you
You start screaming and it makes people laugh.
will come in to see what you release and
little more
be little
more than what the lady reported
Huertas never had any illness and
that if the information they gave me is
incorrect to prove it because it would be
She is guilty of having deceived
all when cancer and chemotherapy
Tania chemotherapy is not a
illness but apart from that I'm going to you
say something else
Tania yes Loli
Huerta has deceived is under the audio to
m comes out to me
stop
I'll go up a little bit but that's it because yes
the seller will not be very saturated
a kiss Thank you very much handsome
Welcome to see Tania if I clarify myself
because I really want to
I really want to understand you
Tania, if it seems very serious to you that
Loli Huerta has cheated using the
disease of the
cancer Why Troy is burning and you were
by phone before the leak
audio from ard Troy to your
donor hiding it
also because you were
You and the one from Troy were there when it leaked
that live audio of the two of you together
and your friend the one who says that women
you have to hit him until he
bleed for the
mouth
with which you
you relate and the one from Troy has deceived with
Loli Huerta also not your friend not with
the one you are now hanging out with
loser If so much
you that there is no better defense than a good one
attack is what the lady is doing
Huertas with their live performances and premieres
Mrs. Huertas, if you do not prove what
has to prove that he has deceived
all your audience that yes yes but that
you have also looked terrible, you are
all of you who have been fatally injured. So that is
It is clear that what they are not understanding
They are worth what they are not understanding
They and the one who saw the scar
exactly the one who saw the scar
that they are not understanding that they
They think this is a matter of
to position oneself next to someone or to the side
of the other That is what they are not
Finishing of
understand why of course Tania is that I don't know
try to have them be with Loli Huerta or
be with you or with you or with Loli
Garden or with Peppa
all
all of you are not the same group
Me and I knew that you were leaving each other
to
eat if you hadn't gotten together
no reason
more than for spurious interests you for
tution with Javi that you are looking for
all the people I've fought with
throughout my life
Okay, you will find that teacher who
He kicked me out of class in third grade
Don't give it to her and you'll find her and she'll give it to you.
you will take to your channel Vale
but you do not join for anything else you are
people who do not have the ability to
be liked when interacting with others
Peppa gets together with Loli simply for
what is joined to Troy is joined
simply because of what Loli joins
connects with them simply because of what they know
one and you get in there because you don't know
where to put yourself So you are no longer
You don't even know where to fit in, you don't know anymore
You're lurching and you don't know. Not even with
who to hang out with, you don't know where to stand
You even called the flight to try
to reconcile with them you called to flight and
He gave you a review of your life and told you the
little things pin Pam pum ecstatic told you
full and look, they are not my best
Friends, eh, but Jordi picked up your call.
and left you looking like what you are, an ignorant person
he put you Pin Pin
Pin You Called for
reconcile Pin Pin Pin and you look terrible
It left you in a terrible state that we don't deserve all the
harassment to This is the technique This is the
technique that you have been taught Not the one that you
you have learned not you you throw [ __ ] here
whatever you want, your channel
You can dedicate to a person during
months with insults Well I'm going to you I'm going to you
to remember one insult that you
I will remember another time too but
Since you don't remember, I'll remind you.
A little bit is worth your channel for months
eh your channel for months
Tania day after day
eh Because because you saw that it was the most
lucrative that it was for you, eh, unpresentable
What a scoundrel, what a [ __ ], what a [ __ ]
polygonal content boss What are you up to?
polygoner polygoner false polygoner
you piece of shameless shamelessness
polygonero capo cheeky Jetta
manipulative low vile fake pimp
arrogant pimp chav Shameless no
you have no shame you don't deserve my
respect donkey cynic catan jealousy bad
cruel You are a lying, vile dunghill
shameless, uneducated, yokel
scoundrel Ilino snake that you
you crawl like a snake crawling
a leech you and your whole gang
a leech A Gang of
leech
heckler, stalker, dunghill, rabble
that I have no balls, that I am a
trash show that we are a pack
Gentusa, okay, you called me too.
scoundrel, scoundrel, who sucks
manipulative ass cheeky fake
under a mean boss
Hey, you laugh that I don't have a studio, you you.
eh I'm condemned for kissing
women organized group is dedicated to good
In short, a lot of things are worth it. You don't have to go on
I'm going to go further because this is just
5% of your channel this is only 5% of
I'll remind you of your channel again. Okay.
any insult that has been thrown at you
It has happened that you no longer remember that
you have said don't worry that you
I'm going to remember that you forgot
The other day the catan jealousy and doesn't see the
that you were giving okay Yes yes you said
That and much more you have charged with a crime
accused eh you have accused a lot of
things that have not happened are worth it
[Music]
eh And then call him
aoso and then call him a thing
clear
eh and warn that measures will be taken
appropriate legal measures against all
people who continue to denigrate and harm
you are going to report no one the only ones
measures that you are going to take are the only ones
measures you are going to take
Tania is the one from the hole where
hide those are the measures you go
to take it. Stop going now, lawyer, don't
you understand laws absolutely not
you don't even know how to read
sentences that why you go from legal A
who are you going to
sue if they can sue you
you no me eh No me eh many people to me
They said that something else is coming to you but I
I'm not going to do it
say okay that I'm not going back
pronounce myself on this lady of course
because that one doesn't give you that much money That one gives you
makes you look bad and without a happier week
Santa again and we see each other very
soon in
end in
end who else is better this no longer even
we comment better
no, Tania's friend, no, the colleague, no
with whom he collaborates not his collaborator not
his right hand now not of the direct ones
No
[Music]
m the tweet that has put in
Milla the tweet that Milla posted
I have the consolation that my father does not
He is a [ __ ] and my brothers and I are
from the same father and the same
mother This is the type of person with whom
that you get together
Tania This is the type of person with whom
Tania, I think if a peseta gave each
Spanish but not me where they have to
face twisting with laughter face
crying with laughter and remembers Yordin didn't
I cut off the WiFi so I don't scream
face sticking out its tongue and winking
joke face throwing a kiss to the heart
green face with hands hugging face
throwing a red heart kiss but the
level of the level of the WiFi and
about touching him
sound is that the level I do not know that
girl when she sees her own
interventions I don't know if you will see them
after or whatever and it doesn't give it to him, it doesn't give it to him
nothing of the things that enter
He says, but well, I think that's it.
I think it has been more than portrayed.
This girl is already in a year and a year
peak when we have to talk again
It's almost sounded like this but not to me. How crazy is he?
today my face is twisting with laughter
face crying with laughter and remember Ah ha
sounded twice but why is this
repeated today is that I don't understand but that
It's not my fault, that's his fault.
youtuber take a look around there
other live shows that are sure to be there
equal to see This is Ana Cotilla who has
state
talking about why he kicked her out
from Ana Cotilla's chat Because also
He went to look for it because he doesn't know where in
box she goes looking for allies not who
He doesn't get along with this guy who doesn't like him
this one, well I'm going for this one, I'm going for this one.
I buy the story, I don't care, or rather, you
you start hanging out with Ana Cotilla
you start trying to get together with Ana
gossips you I me
I reveal that you have begun to take me out
clip where I grew up with Antonio David
it's worth it as if what I was
saying out bad in that click you know
She gives me a click, she gives me a clip
800 times he has taken mine out criticizing
Antonio David and it's like and what is it
It happens with what I'm saying there in
That click Tania I'm insulting him
I'm slandering what I am
By saying this I am criticizing him
I am not an Antonio David fan club member.
that I can criticize that there is a lot
of things about Antonio that I didn't know
They like it and the first thing is their
moderators how she puts the cli
you know a cli where I am
criticizing Antonio Avid as if that
it was a crime that I am committing
you know he wasn't with such in a live show Yes
but but what is it that it doesn't have any
kind of is that she doesn't have any type
of coherence, principles, or
nothing she tells you today that you are ugly and
Tomorrow she will be offended if you call her ugly
That's her, and on top of that you're leaving
to the Ana Cotilla Channel to try now
desperately want to have a little bit of
Alliance sends you Ana Cotilla for a ride to
You man, my Sister Gossip, you were not a member
you were not a queen
member a kiss gorgeous Hear a round of applause
My badge is Cotilla or
what and person who comes here to interfere
with her role as mother of this lady
and from anyone Not just from her
anyone leaves
out
feminism is equal rights and
obligations and that's it. Well
That's that super fusion that comes in here, isn't that one
super fusia that super fusia came in here
I came in here but oh well it is
equal
that nothing happens, that you have the right to
express what you feel that I understand you
I understand you perfectly that you
I understand
I understand you perfectly
I understand them perfectly
Ah, you have put Ultra low latency.
He has forgotten me. Well, I'm with you.
How many years has it been and I have never left you?
follow Cristina says, of course, darling
Cristina You've been here a long time.
people have been here for a long time yes yes
Yeah
Well I'm leaving. Thank you very much for
be a strange lady Ana Here besides
fuchsia we are feminists Well not me
I am an interested fuchsia, I am a fuchsia
interested and very very very
rare eh and very uncultured too and many
more things and out of respect for another channel I
I'm going to keep my mouth shut out of respect for another
channel I'm going to keep my mouth shut but what
tla also when it comes to you that you are
a good one You're a piece of [ __ ] coming from a
very fuchsia lady a lot When I say a lot
it's a lot, a lot
eh How how
How am I going to keep quiet about another channel?
mouth out of respect for another call another
I'm going to watch the channel
eh and very uncultured too and many things
more and out of respect for another channel I'm going to
shut up your uneducated mouth and many things
more sisuka Thank you very much queen Hey a
applause not all the Chapa sisuka the
neighborhood for her
Not out of respect for another channel I'm going to
keep your mouth shut out of respect for those who don't
I understand
Out of respect for another channel, I'm going to
shut your mouth What does it refer to but what
fabric also when it comes to you that you are
a good one You're a piece of [ __ ] you're a
coming from a very fuchsia lady
When I say a lot, I mean a lot, a lot.
Hey, you're a piece of [ __ ] coming from a lady.
very fuchsia I'm not understanding someone
I got it
explain why I say and it is very fusia and it is
very fusia already that's why I would have to tell you
Well, I don't care because it is what it is
fusia because it fell on me
Hey, I don't go to any channel, as I don't
I put in any blue channel eh And the
owners of blue channels Well, also
I hope they don't come this way, eh? It's like that.
of course the channel owners
channel owners, period. I think that
It is evident that controversy is created
and discomfort as if I enter the channel
As Tania did today I get into it
Tania's Channel What's up, huh? Pam pum, well?
People are going to say, look, I don't know what it is.
and a bad vibe will be created that won't happen either
I think it is necessary Then that's it
This lady Tania has thrown Rocío away
Carrasco actively and passively with
Nice to meet you and but here it doesn't have
There is already room and we have been educated
we have said good afternoon good afternoon
Good afternoon, good afternoon, now you
let her know that she's going to be blocked for this
very well very well he hasn't said but I told him
I blocked and I'm sorry this is how it is
Hello Nuria
gorgeous. Well, I don't agree.
with this it's worth it I wouldn't do it here you have
room to see It's that my channel Not my
existence on the internet will not revolve around
roso Carrasco neither Jorge nor Antonio
David or anyone else, you don't understand me. Then
Man, maybe I can block you.
Yes, yes, you have offended someone that I
I want it very much No but I don't know I already see it
As Sevilla Beti I am from Sevilla And
You are from Beti, you cannot enter here.
I don't know you know but well they are theirs
principles and the
maintains or rather I do not agree.
I wouldn't have the same attitude
but but it is its coherence and its way of
running your channel doesn't do like the other or
whether it were whether it were like
like Tania if she were like Tania
I would say Oh, this is Javi's enemy and I
I don't get along with Javi, I'm going to you too.
to receive but why not do it for
what then does not do it
because she's not obsessed with Javi
Now here we should tell you one thing
thing to Ana
Gossip is worth it here one should say
something that has happened to an earwig
forgotten of course
which is more or less the same thing that I said
Tania de Rocío
Carrasco and the same position more or less
that Tania had with Rocío
Carrasco and when it comes to nonsense
and proximity and such Well in fact more
still because in fact Peppa Beltrán has
collaborated with Anton David Flores and
Tania
No, but Ana Cotilla does.
allows Peppa Beltrán to enter his
chat if Peppa Beltrán is soft with
Ana Cotilla is very cordial.
It's that they are friends obviously but
They let one into the chat with the other
another one is sent
messages Why Peppa Beltrán does
Gossip and why not Tania because your
principles like everyone else's have a
price and your price Irene León puts it
lasana
According to your friend Nuri Cris according to Nuri Cris
well ex-friend
It couldn't have anything to do with Loli.
Huerta Javi there is a storm that alters the
telecommunication that her no te
I absolutely understood what you mean
the Telegram thing, of course, because of Irene, that is
look
Look at this, and it would be your principles.
immovable anac
Gossip but
Of course, I'll see you collaborating with you later.
Peppa no Well, nothing my dears
Dear ones, after this final sheet, eh
which sometimes also happens to me because I am
human I am a human person after
This is that I'm not angry, what is it?
good but not to to
Javi there is a cular storm that alters the
I don't understand telecommunication or why
Donations come out twice or what
you have me
Javi said that solar storm alters the
telecommunications
analysis
Okay girls, nothing. Good afternoon.
nights it's already 10:41 pm Uh chapana that's it
but Peppa didn't say the stupid things
Tania man probably no I don't know
but
Well, there you go, what he's talking about, let's see what he's talking about.
What Ana Cotilla is talking about is that she does not
goes to the Blue channels and from there to
your chat will not go any blue
well that I
know calmly even if you don't say it, it's okay.
truth is he doesn't get along with Antonio
David does not have any kind of relationship
with Antonio David It's just a
way he had of capturing some of the
followers of the blue tide okay And it continues
Closing Well indeed according to Loli
Huerta Antonio Avin does not have a good
concept actually from Peppa Beltrán to
despite the fact that he follows the trend in some
has followed suit in some
stories while Peppa is taken away
with Loli but
And of course we are talking about blocking
so but yes that yes that you colleagues with
with an aunt who closes the house every day
directly saying I reveal myself, I reveal myself
I reveal myself
I reveal well let's see what this one said
a few more things Aha that by
It is true that by the way, a young Andalusian gentleman
yesterday that it will be played tomorrow it will be played
tomorrow okay you mentioned me Javi well
I have become super happy Javi of
You have truly fulfilled my dream.
Yesterday I almost cried with joy because you have
mentioned and it tells me to mention me
A lot, really. But I'm going to throw it away.
throughout the week it is worth it or so
It's Monday, no, today is Monday, yes.
I went to CrossFit today is Monday no
Well, until Sunday more or less.
I'm going to answer the mention myself.
I can't answer it today because
that
Until Sunday I don't care what to give
disgust, I don't care if I end up making a fool of myself
It doesn't matter what I'm doing
remaining because the 240 turkeys the 30
I haven't returned the turkeys to Pilar but
What matters to me is having 685
people in the chat and if that's what I have
to look so bad and leave this
digital footprint I'm leaving on
YouTube serves me, that's what I serve me.
It's worth it if I have time later, Pepa.
The live broadcast has to start tomorrow.
saying this is this and this is calm
Calm down, calm down, don't suffocate. It's
that I will start my live as soon as I get to
Of course you're not going to win it.
to start directly as I said that was it
Sarcasm, irony, take it as you wish.
It would be logical for you to start this. This is not
It's an order, so what I say is not
an order evidently
It could be my grandmother, you are not here
taking orders from such a young person
and attractive like me is worth what I said
It's like it would be normal and
that after a lady uses your
channel to spread your cancer no And all
what you have stood up for her
because he had cancer, how bad he felt
With chemo and the rest, it's normal.
It would be coherent if suddenly yes
is that you would have found out yesterday that
everything was a lie, of course, if you
you found out yesterday if you have
found out yesterday that it was all a lie
Well, the normal way to open directly
I would be
This aunt has lied to me This aunt has lied to me
made to stand up for her for 2s
years that if you have cancer that if you have
cancer that you have to see that they have
called by phone having cancer there
What do you see Javi who called him that he has
put into an audio on the channel knowing
who has cancer and chemo for God's sake
My goodness, the normal thing would be for you to
undignified Peppa but I know that you do not
you're going to be outraged, I don't know the reason but you
reaction to Loli not having
cancer I think it's not going to be
to outrage
Okay, I don't think it's going to be outrageous.
But well, look, there are the 700
people okay There you have the 700 people
Hey, talking about Javi Oliveira, okay?
How many mentions today, let's see, let's see the
trap that Traviesa set for me today
from Peppa to see Peppa Beltrán
How many mentions today
Peppa How many mentions today let's see let's see
Let's see this. There is no transcript.
still but well you have 700 there
people But I remind you the same thing that
You told the Trojan what's the point?
have 700 people who don't like you and
who think more of you and who don't have
Chicha like Loli had that they don't have
Chicha you know pppa Tell her that they have it for you
put in Yellow you tell him that the
chili and the thugs have it in for you
put in Yellow you say what they have done to me
put in Yellow to see if that way you
They release a little more Andalusian lady
not as you want
Let's start live like me
I wanted to start tomorrow
live tomorrow we will see everything
what was said about me last night
while I was dancing and having a good time
This morning I say this while I
I danced and had a good time, they talked about
My, you see, I have to get to work.
list all the things I do
while you talk about me then
surely you notice in two years that
You've been talking about me every day like a
good obsessed like a good one
obsessed and giving me the creeps
of the world Okay, well imagine, well you are
started talking about me even when I was in a
vac vones sea Being in Oporto I
They warned you that you were counting Claro
that had been a [ __ ] week
vacation, that is, being on vacation
that he had nothing to react to
me because I wasn't there but if she has
made while in
Thailand being in Thailand has
talked about me every day everyone
absolutely every day being in
Porto A story was taken out as if
outside Hey Encarna Thanks
heart, what a great gift you have given me
fact No queen Maria Encarnación Who
It's Maria
Encarnación Thank you very much Aunt Many
Thanks, beautiful, for that
visa While I am not in Porto, they notify me of
that he was talking about me as if I
had done a very serious thing because
she told me because she wanted to organize me
a flight and I didn't want to accept it
She paid my expenses and salary and
I told him that it wasn't profitable for me
Because of course they obviously wanted to
that Marina came to Marina had to
pay him man Don't wait Peppa you are
You, every [ __ ] day, charging me
I'm not going to pay Marina if she comes.
with me on the bolo It's that the la la has the
It has a square and diamond shape
well of diamond If you had the face of
diamond you were bitten by
alone she super indignant because I don't
I accepted a proposal for a gig that
She wanted it because she had already talked about it
eh I mean she already had the cake s s
super talked to the hotel with I don't know what
what the [ __ ] are you organizing for me
Well, I'm not interested if I'm not interested and
I earn more money sitting at home, okay?
let's not sit in my house because
It seems that when I say that I earn more
money sitting in my house It seems that I
I'm really pissing myself off, no, no, sitting down
in my house here creating content and
working what you don't do if I do
I have to leave here and I lose everything
what I do in a day here on my computer
To go to a gig I have to earn more
in that gig if not I won't move, we'll wait for it
I think this This is here and in Beijing
not you
that
and let it be clear I am not a cilina, I am
educated
cautious cautious Peppa
I have prudently saved for when I
I feel like suing you because you called me
psychological abuser
scammer that I have monetized the
cancer I mean you don't even remember what
You said it happens to you like your friend Tania or
Ex-friend who goes to group you don't even remember
of the things you've said in a year and
peak with the desire to have
that
685 with anxiety a mess pays off
it is profitable for you a l
prudent uncle Eh yes
prudent attempt not to offend they try if
Others have the intention of offending and
this and that That's your problem if
Something doesn't seem right to me, I say this, I don't
It seemed like a joke to me.
correct s very
polite, very polite, you won't listen to me
no no no
I don't try not to offend And what is this?
Peppa and this What is it let's see what this is
another thing
Listen to this this What is Peppa try
to harm the time of slugs and
Right now Javi is a complete slug.
the channels
also
each communication that a bos is the time
of the slugs and right now Javi is one
slug by
everyone in case it hasn't been clear to me
has said
slug by slug that I see in the yard
every day in the bad plants
It's the projection, huh? Really, nothing.
I'm a slug has also said it two or
three times in the watch this video
Peppa, you're going to look great on me.
get ready, watch this little video
I think you don't remember and my aje
Have you woken up yet or what? What is it?
My friend says, "Let's see, have you woken up yet?"
is going to come to debate or
Calling Victoria a [ __ ] is not aggravating
No, but it didn't come out of her mouth.
She just said that she didn't feel alluded to
because she doesn't
It was like he sent one to the phone
What's up there Antonio, I'm going to leave
Put the
number the number not that put the number
because it is the one that was placed before
is that this is Antonio you just told me
send
p puo the son says that you use culture
out of fear because you're not going to walk it yeah
You said that. You really know what it is.
the culture of fear the culture of
Fear is something else. Okay, you are afraid.
you guys create content and let me go
the arm That's what you're afraid of, okay?
You have an incredible fear of that because
If I put you with your talent and your
your mother's charisma and art to create
content to try to work on and
entertain people you would have 50
spectators 50 spectators
literally surely everyone who
You are here like flies around me
You would probably have 50 spectators in
The moment you separate from me is worth
That's what you're afraid of but
culture of fear the what that that you
you know what a lawsuit is or what
fear you have to have a demand no
It's a penalty It's simply a claim
If you have failed in honor, it is worthless
take a look at the things that
you have said and if you have not said anything No
you have no reason to be afraid
culture of fear none but go you
you don't have and above all your mother nor
culture of fear or culture of anything anymore
I'm telling you
okay this number wait look I'm going to you
Put Antonio's number here.
Antonio's number No, it's there, yes.
You see Angel if he is there Don't wait for him
I put it in big, he sent it to that one
Bizum, I'm sure I'll take you and I'll go.
a moar Antonio Give me back that bizum that
it's mine
It's not a super chat, he says, "Hey, it's a
super chat says no a super chat
I can't
it would be because then it would come out
Here I have one
person the followers who
you have because it is not possible to do it
otherwise if you are still after
not that it's for gossip, it's okay if you're there
still there in that chat it can't be from
otherwise they have been putting in all afternoon
to react to the direct hit of Troy and
The followers have sent him the visa
to the number of Troy instead of the
pppa is what there is, there is no more, it is what
there don't try to make me do it
plus the dinner one, let's see if I can get it done
I'll take that away from him in a flash because I
I want to have it there anyway
they have shown it everywhere
Well, and that's what I wanted to answer. Well,
It's that there they say that if I, I, there but
That's what Javi is not going to answer today.
answer no how to what happened with chili today
It will not be answered, we leave it for
not another day because there are several
things that concern me yes no eh Just
That We have put this because I well and
the thing about Oh that in that
video nothing that he wanted to answer me
I wanted to dedicate the live to myself and
His mother hasn't let him go to the bathroom.
second okay I'm going to the bathroom for a second
I'm not going to put anything, what am I going to put, I'm going to put this
I'll play it myself, it won't take long at all.
nothing is worth it, I'm not even going to wash my
hands but good
eh I think there will be room for
talk more about that
and we are going to talk about today's topic today
Let's talk about the first topic. That's it.
quite late the first topic is the
obtuse lady chat I don't know if you guys
Do you remember that I had a gossip with a
Mrs. Tusa from Spain is called Tania pm
It turns out this lady is here again.
clicking on the matter and it seems that
The lady forgets the reasons why
which there was all this
discussion is very simple people are
people misinterpreting things a lot
you are misinterpreting things a lot
Hey
And while that interpretation is true
It was thanks to me too because in a
Javi Oliveira's chat I said that I had
that she had told me Sudaka which
it's not quite
truth What is true is that the
lady evidently had an attitude
discriminatory towards me
person What is the livelihood what is the
foundation everyone will remember that Javier
Oliveira lost a civil case against
This is a good youtuber, I'm not going to do it.
see why it lasts 33 minutes I'll see it later
in private training whatever is worth it
but that one I'll play is a youtuber with
the one Tania got involved in by calling him a scumbag
of
South America I told him to play that it is not
lawyer but I will play it was believed that it was that
was
lawyer
Yes, I can't do it myself
believe and you have done it with a
Ah well Okay, let's start watching it.
direct from Loli that she dedicated to him
Responding to these people is worth it
we started to see it family How are you doing?
likes How are you doing?
likes I don't get stressed here For how many
like How many likes
We have 770 likes, I don't
I'm not stressed I'm not stressed
stroso eh For 770 likes What's up you're
very
lazy thanks for having played the
A topic with respect is worth both, eh? That's why
I passed him the
link in my sister's audios
you made it seem as if I were true that
were a psychopath who had some
mental problem because my sister said
that I had character
We have many people and you
You just dropped it there as if to say that
Hey, that's it, my sister is the same.
that me and my and when he gets angry he gets angry
Hey, we all have anger here directly.
Okay, I passed it to him, you already put it then
Well, here I have some others.
theory watching also losers already here dig
You're obsessed. Hey, you're obsessed.
Hey, ask my brother about jav.
Oliveira, for the past, eh, you are not here
defending right now you are not
You are not defending anyone right now.
taking your revenge against Javi
oliveira but revenge that has this
girl has a revenge on me and
Nobody knows why. Or anyone.
that you hear her sounds like she's an ex-girlfriend
or that we have had something super serious
super strong and what it did was it went up
Here is a debate, I had no idea, okay?
I had no idea what was going on
Francisco started talking here already
Javier Francisco Javier the people in
social networks obviously the debate
Many people saw it, 50,000 to 60,000 saw it.
people Okay and and of course, I mean people
He took the image of her as if it were a
meme like a ven Esteban you know but I
I am not to blame, I am not to blame
That's not my fault
It seems that I have done one to him
revenge against Javi i Veira but of course
his his revenge of javil iira what is what
This is what happened, I went to your
I took away his sandwich at school
No, it's that I have no idea what your
Revenge is simply for money
obsession with javir and veira because it has
tried to put in many others
themes and nothing has worked for him. Look
What has Tania done today? What has she done?
Tania today on her channel
Look, Tania today on her channel has
uploaded a video by Dani Alvez from What is
the video Well, a video that has not been recorded
she
Thank you, kid, you have to thank me.
Javi for always making me smile
exclamation From the heart a kiss a kiss to
you
Your vengeance reigns and you have used me
sister to put your revenge and the
spotlight on Javi Oliveira who is
ago and sent him videos from two years ago
years
either he started sending him videos of
Javi Oliveira to Loli's sister
Garden, be careful.
Hey, be careful, but not me, where do they have it?
Thanks Javi for always getting me one
smile exclamation of heart Why
It comes out twice, really, I can't.
do nothing to remove that because it is that
there is no there is nothing I can do no
There is nothing I can do to remove it
that doesn't make any sense
Hey
two two years or two years and
something what a shame what a shame madam
from Ortega, hey, what are we comparing?
some cases Eh you are comparing me to
I have no shame in this case.
Forgive me Antonio, you are a little
Shame on you for this I just have to say
One thing here in this is said that Javi
has been monetized by the case of
Marta Castle of the castle and I have to
say one thing That's a lie Ah I arrive
I was late for that live show and I did a super
chat
telling him that he was fine, eh
what I was doing was very good and
He reproached me because I had not seen
at the beginning that this live was not
for and to monetize nor to receive
Super chat and ol I'm laughing live
ol because I hadn't seen the
beginning and then I didn't know I'm laughing
and that's it so he didn't do it for
monetize or earn as far as I know did
because he knows the family
eh but it's that apart from
that
host
Good for Loli Good for Loli Here good
by Loli but apart from all
ways is that apart from all
ways YouTube videos
Obviously, although I don't want a
direct be it in the form of a Super Chat rain
and rain of members because I consider
that it doesn't fit, it's not the right time, okay?
and the video on YouTube of course the video on
YouTube generates revenue, that's clear.
but it was a piece of work
that we did with very good intentions AND
that's it Tania that's it Tania look at it okay
I also recommend it to everyone.
world I have it uploaded to both channels
[Music]
mm I think
that I believe that the Marta del case
Castillo is one of the first
videos that will appear to you are always worth a
work done with great care with a
Tania's week with a week off
to work from the three channels to
focus on this a job done with
lots of love, lots of work, live
4 hours
a live 4
hours that this is done with
good intentions and with love and people like
You start to throw something in my face
the one you have no [ __ ] idea how to
all the controversies with YouTube that you
you have put that you have started to talk and
You have no [ __ ] idea, you look terrible
because you think you look good
because you have 50 people there or 200
people in the chat of people who hate me
from Peppa Pig and I don't know who
and I don't know how much and even if you say in
Your live Javi is ugly and has hair
yellow they will tell you in the chat
very bad chili pepper the chili pepper poop
but actually the people who follow me
for 9 years 9 years Vale and
any topic that you have
tried to treat Tania be eh of
any of the topics of my judgments
of any of the topics that you bring up
from Marta del Castillo that I am in a
debate with Jackie any topic of that
Tania has been viral on the internet before
even that
you know what the blue tide was
any topic The one that takes me out of the
I'm suing for the one who takes me out of the lawsuit
and all those viral stories in
Marta's topic is worth the viral internet
del Castillo what do you get out of me in a
debate I told a boy What a difference
There is between looking for a girl there is that
look for a dog with very bad drool with
very bad blood taken out of context okay
My fault too, eh, I mean, I don't
I remove my guilt because I debated with
The boy that was He was a good boy
I already get along well with him today.
Well, it's not that I get along well, but
we made peace, we unblocked ourselves well
things are forgotten, okay, obsessed
They are those who stay in a place for life
discussion from I don't know how many years ago
Okay, but with that guy I beat
Well, it was a debate in which
we were very hot
insulting me Javi really enjoyed yesterday
You make a fantastic team every day more so
proud to belong to the hooligans
cherries well the weather the weather is
rewarding those who have stayed in
this
On the other hand, time is rewarding those who
They have stayed on this side without any more me
I'm not going to go into who gave me that
aside a little bit the miracles are you
I want to know what this is giving me about that
come out two
sometimes the issue with the boy
yes it is true that I do but don't [ __ ] with me
see if they let me talk while pissing a lot
yesterday is a fantastic team every day
more proud to belong to the guides
or whatever they want to call us is that I don't know
I don't know why it comes out double nor would I know
remove it uncle because I have it
put one
time It's that I have it on once
time no matter how much I touch uncle no I can't do it
what can I do?
silence him the only thing I can do is
silence it
Hey, if it's a real nuisance, I'll keep it quiet.
that what I was telling you in a
debate with a kid who inside a
fight in which we were insulting each other
for 1000 things I'm going to silence it and
Leo I do believe it will be It will be
less uncomfortable not in a debate in which
We were hot. Of course it is that
people judge a lot but people don't
understand aini But it is in more channels no
Have you seen it on more channels or
that
I'm going to silence her and I'm going to read them myself.
already
There is that issue of Marta's
Castle and the dog, that was the little team.
Well a group of people not of those who
I have the judicial issues and Rubén
Sanchez is also a knife and well the
little gang, the pretty little gang, no what
They are there to point out no one
They put the press there and
pointing out to me that I had bought one
girl with a dog that I don't know what we're going to
see
I've explained it a million times, okay?
And it's pathetic because they used it with
other intentions are fine, they didn't use it
just to throw [ __ ] at me
that topic but they used that topic to
then another story but I'm not going to do it
explain here why these are things that are no longer
They belong to my channel and I don't even think that
belong no more but
la la the thing is very simple people
He begins to judge not the mistakes that you
you can commit in a debate let's see
when you are in a debate with 12 or
13,000 people who were there
debate
insulting him out of nerves because surely
you make a mistake What was the mistake
because that boy was looking after me
saying I was debating that another
My colleague was a stalker because he had
lost his
dog and the And put up signs around the area
Okay, and then, well, finally there was
a story is worth it eh And then I put
as an example then that when it was lost
Marta del Castillo put up posters
for the area but for the area and for the
area of ​​the
suspects what should I have done
Well, not having personalized the example
I should have said when a child is lost
when a person disappears
and not having personalized because they are
very sensitive topics okay But
Obviously, whoever knows me knows
how I am okay And whoever follows me does
a long time and knows that it is that Marta the
castle was my neighbor okay the father me
follow on social media the father follows me on
Twitter the father shared this live
and every time we have talked about the subject
Okay, you know that I support this case more than
no other because of the proximity and eh the
work that I do always sharing
that I can and supporting whenever I can
in more things than you believe in
public is worth it because there are many things
[Music]
eem there are many things that you don't know that
we have also moved behind
Okay, and take Tania instead of taking
look at the debate what happened in
the debate And why Vale and puts to
point out a girl with a dog
and
Tania Thank you very much or Thank you very much
my love a kiss beautiful And what
Tania, if you yourself have said that later
I don't know what your son or your children are doing.
you have your van
dogs, for me the tirion is one more
of the family
Of course I would put up posters.
supposed that Seville would rise if the
dog is lost but a dog What is a
flowerpot Exactly J but in the glow of the
fight can be done if mistakes are made
luares and maybe I didn't express myself in a
right way okay And I already apologized
in its day and there it is, it is there, it is worth it
2019 I don't know if it's 2019 or 2019 but Tania
that you did not bring up that topic that
topic of that debate, that clip of mine is not it
you have taken out
you you are you are the last thing that has
arrived on YouTube you don't understand
Nothing Tania, it's just funny to me because
she clicks she clicks as if
was taking out
eh the bastion is not going to destroy
Javi Oliveira is like any Tania
something you take out No it is not a
news you know who I am because it is that
I don't think so yet
You know that debate of mine with
Jacki was on a Friday the 13th.
viewers trending on Twitter
throughout the weekend
week all weekend long
trending topic Javi Oliveira and
Jacki do you think you have to come to
take a click away from that debate Tania
you know when they released that clip not the
Same Friday They didn't say anything they took him out
On Monday or Tuesday the clip will be
offended the weather on Monday or Tuesday and
Now ask yourself why and what for and
with what intentions they used others
that topic for other intentions that are not
I'm going to explain them here because they are no longer
things on this channel and I wouldn't understand them
Okay, if at some point I have to
enter because I won't mind but I don't think so
that I paid attention to that, okay, this is it
work Tania this is a job
Okay, okay, I don't care about losing almost 4
c days I don't remember how many days
We lost our jobs here to do this.
that
we did this is an interpretation Tania
Look, okay, learn here, look at the retention.
audience that this live show has of 4
hours are worth Magdalena a kiss sweetheart
Look at the
research of each point Tania de
this
case and reading
of the two sentences of the juvenile and
that of the
adults This is a good one
interpretation is worth Tania when you
do this when you know Or at least you
try well try I think so
have you tried and have already had 700 visits
but when you at least equal me
then I
you criticize when
at least equal to one year of My journey
then I saw and I
criticize when you do something minimally
comparable to that direct you come and me
You try to point out that even Loli Huerta
you're getting a little stitch in your mouth
again everyone gives you a point in
your mouth and you don't realize that you don't
you find out that you are not
you find out that I called you, you tell me the other
day why am I going to call you now?
I've told you many times that I no longer
I call what are you going to do if I call you are you going to
delete everything you're going to ask for forgiveness not anymore
you have to make up for it
damage I don't know if it's true or a lie
Well, Lolly Huerta is here for you.
having to correct Lolly too
garden is having to you
correct I say what I know
only even if he is my number one enemy
now my number two enemy
Hey
No, I'm not going through there. Okay then, eh. Just
say that this that they say about
monetize at least in that case that
I was there, it's not true, he didn't do it.
so that he could collect from that
direct So even if I burst to
many That's the truth And neither do I
when they lie to me they lie because you were
for balls for your house Tania is worth it
So that you can take another click that they send you
and it and it
use that
form then well here I have
some other theory seeing also i
losers, from here I say about Ortega
You're obsessed. Hey, you're obsessed.
Hey, ask my sister about Oliveira.
for the past
Hey, you're not defending right now.
You are not defending anyone now.
You are taking your revenge against yourself
Javi
oliveira your revenge and you have used
my sister to put your revenge and the
spotlight on jav oliveira what is it
makes and has sent him videos from two years ago
years that he has sent him a JAV video
oliveira uncle two or two years or two years and
something what a shame what a shame madam
from Ortega, hey, what are we comparing?
some cases Eh you are comparing me to
I have no shame in the Aler case.
Forgive me Antonio, you are a little
shame but apart from that it is that it is not
It makes no sense to try
take offense
Uncle, but not even when they take me out
others nor here the attempt of offense we go
Let's see when you say you are comparing the
clear cases it seems that you are comparing
to the victims it doesn't seem like you're
comparing one victim to another or
to the bad guy in the YouTube controversy with the
murderer or what about the one you're not here for
comparing that evident
only in Elena's case what
compare is the way of acting of the
journalists that
night is like when I said in
sometimes there are people who
I would defend José Bretón
Okay, if I made a video for him
criticizing you I think that would be so
but I'm not saying that they would defend
a murder of some children please no
I'm saying that, I'm not saying that
obviously
I mean, I'm not saying that, but because
surely the people I think of
that they would do that, I don't even know
They would report what José has done
Breton Look, every time I have
saying
The short people have come to be offended
not about that topic Oh how unfortunate Javi
He is saying that if he criticizes Jose
Breton it
you would defend it. Of course, but I would defend it.
because I wouldn't even inform you about it
What has José Bretón done? I am not here.
saying that you would defend that it be
I would burn some children, what I am
saying is that you wouldn't even know because
I wouldn't even watch it if I made a video.
criticizing José Bretón The Machinery
directly it would be let's see what what
clp we took from Jai from 2019 we took it out
out of context and we say that it is worse, that is
what would be done and the machinery would be
try to put Javi above what
worse is fine And it is so and I can prove it
I can prove it but if it is that
you demonstrate each
day I wouldn't even look at what was there
made nor would I look Why have I made him a
video you wouldn't mind the arguments
that I would use from many eh from many
from many twitterers it is to me
Saying this I just have to say one thing
thing eh here in this it is said that Javi has
monetized
for the case of the Marta del Castillo
castle and I have to say one thing that
is
lie, I arrived late to that live show
I made a super chat
telling him that he was fine
that what was there was very good
doing and he reproached me because as I did not
had seen the beginning of that
direct was not for and to monetize nor
to receive super chat
and I laugh in full
direct because I had not seen the
beginning and then I didn't know it I laughed
and now
It's like that he didn't do it to monetize
nor win
which is what is called a job with
good intention passes it from clo to
realize that you have to know
what is the good intention and what is
which is to work for a good
intention do you remember that I have told you in
many times that no
anyone who is qualified is worth it
having the responsibility that it is to have
followers How many times have I told you that
Lately, okay, Javi, why don't they put
the members-only chat dude I don't know
You can express any opposing opinion
Hey, what have they banned?
Please tell me Narvel what is it?
They have banned Tell me
Marvel I'm not here
seeing
really One
person who
has followers and has influence
Well, from time to time, although the
content is from Tania Peppa gossip to
of Troy Okay, so from time to time he says
Host Well I have one here
that I can use for something good and you
you get together with a professional like
Trium and you do the report that we did
We with the Marta del Castillo theme
to make people understand the
inconsistency of a sentence
minors with an adult sentence
Okay, that's what the sentence is used for.
having a voice is worth it
when you have a one
certain diffusion diffusion is worth or certain
power over people and instead of
use it for good
you use to say that they donate to you because
the direct the person you hate you
you are putting yellow to say that
You are going to raise money for an association against
cancer and you forget about it for 6 seconds
months to say how much the account of the
bank and they robbed you of 900 and and after
having been earning 4000 a month
uploading videos against Rocío
Carrasco putting the Rocío miniature
Carrasco with a line of cocaine say that
you don't have money, it's worth it for them to give you
money and then go on a cruise when you
you use having power over people
for that kind of thing You don't deserve and
you are not a person who is
capable of having an audience, I think so
firmly and when you already use the
public to manipulate and use hate
and to distort sentences and to
as a weapon as a weapon against someone here
Who do you have a mania against? You are not here.
capable of having an audience but that
That's right. I mean, I think you confirm that that's it.
so difficult and direct daily who is
making Mr. Litigation
your channel has not been up for cco or is
months of I don't know how many lawsuits that are
They put me as the litigant, but
Why Why the litigant with
that tone the litigant gentleman that before
put
Mr. Litigants demand that the
He doesn't file lawsuits because he's angry.
because it has gone wrong because it has
I want to fight because I can't
defend on the internet no no no the sir
litigant who suddenly Sometimes
It bothers you that people are
litigator but other times it doesn't bother you
If they are litigants against Jabi Oliveira
It seems perfect to you, okay, but the Lord
litigant before filing each claim
that asks the person to be
calm down and stop if the stubborn person and me
forces me to take legal action I am not a
litigant I am a person who defends
their
rights the lord
litigator and direct daily speaking
our thing who is doing it
Lately, daily live broadcasts, eh, sir?
viante eh your thing my thing here
Lori, I can do whatever live shows you give me.
the royal wins as long as you do not use the
same terms that you have
used
with me if you had really read one
Tania sentence you should have learned it
I can do the live shows that I want.
wins as long as you don't use the same
terms that you who read a few
now you have used
with me I still have freedom of
expression this that Loli does of not
mentioning me or saying that he doesn't like me
mention why it is being sued by me or
Anything that doesn't fix anything anymore
Loli or the fact that Loli now me
you mention me or you don't mention me or you mention me
you mention tesa or whatever Or already
nothing changes the demand is for these
You have to do those direct ones
justify it doesn't matter what I do
direct talking about Loli What does it matter
what changes what justifies the things that
He has said in those live shows what I
Now do live broadcasts commenting on the fight
Tania and Loli what Tania has done
and how bad Tania looks, that's not it
justify the things he has done to me
Tania to
I would be missing more. Let's say that I or that is
as if you make demands or that they
They act as if it takes away your freedom
expression because she will have to
explain to her that she will have to
explain has come to go to the flight to
say that I was doomed to not be able
insult
no one that I had a
muzzle said that
She from Pepa to laugh who is
monetizing eh
No Antonio, you're missing out too.
Tania in your live shows too
but let's put a person to
complain that if I react and
These things are commented on by a person who has
had I don't know how many months and has
only visibility when talking about me
and has publicly acknowledged it
dude, I mean you have to have them
squares eh is that you have to have them
squares to make you offended because
I am now talking all day about
This fight is missing more than my channel
which is about gossip and is the channel of
gossip, no matter who it hurts so much
in
gentlemen
It would be more than enough if I could not try
This topic would be missing more than just
I could monetize my Costa and I wouldn't
The coast of the others would be missing
you just missed something
Hey, I'm alone, I have no content anymore and
that I don't have enough time for it
I have material for years here.
answering come on continue you don't have
shame and you do this to denigrate
the image eh what is what is being
banning me from the chat because I
You are putting here that it is to be seen and
I am not
understanding
Little lioness you are threatening with a band. Well
hao I have been a member and much more dale
How tacky, Leonie, this is not something to ban.
If you are fighting, you can
go fight on Twitter or wherever you want
okay but I know I mean if you are
fighting I don't think it's right that you ban a
comment then you are commenting
now and you are answering now so
by
please, I don't know if it's a
barbarity do not banis for
Please, I'm seeing you here in the chat.
disappearing and appearing messages to me
I'm staying
crazy let's have the party okay if you
you want to fight in the yard
Ah what a surprise we are leaving
He said that this is like the case of Alc
this
It's air. Sorry, you're giving away gossip. It's not
that comment that I'm not going to enter as
If he were a teacher, let's see if he said anything.
before or something after or something whatever
Okay members, the time is up
discussion members when the topic is
These guys when the topics are these
members are already
as in the
school if they come if they come to miss
respect At least that
pay
Endo the dick A mess they are mixing
Breton to Marta Castillo to Elena to Jav
Oliveira with my sister talking about nuis
and of the incredible flight, this is what it is
It happens to them, well, not incredible, it's not very
credible is very credible to much in this
channel we will see when they read some of the
chat when they start reading in the chat and
They tell you the inconsistencies what a face
They laugh at being a lie but they stop
a moment to comment on that lie
Okay, let's see what happens this time.
people and we continue just saying that
Marta the castle monetizing Javi already did it
I have explained Then let's continue by
other
side
Def par in Silver welcome a
kiss is speaking a lady who p
let's talk about that and talking about
only the title thumbnail has to be seen with it
is telling that on this platform no
It is not allowed because if I didn't know
You who love the YouTube norm
look at yourself
rule
m we would also have to look at
You should look at it, Antonio, man.
Antonio I totally agree with you.
I totally agree that if the
title that the title has nothing to do with
see with the thumbnail I give you totally
the reason that goes against the rules of
YouTube is worth it. For example, that live stream that
you have ok And in the title it says one
thing and then how you [ __ ] yourself because you are
a loser, how [ __ ] you got, so you deleted it
the whole live and you left 11 seconds
intro okay
And it also goes against the ard rules of
Troy that you try a kid who
It could be your son, okay, he is
looking for bread working I don't know that you
you try to throw the channel by doing a
trap that you think you set a
direct to member who was first
public and then is a member and then is
public and then you get the hell out of it
member again and you try to throw a
strike vale And above all above all
Above all, you know what goes against the
rules also to the one in Troy that you set
to say that a person a
woman deserves to be beaten until she is
blood the
mouth gives me the impression okay I don't
I know if lawyer Tania will correct you or
something she understands better than
rules that tell you Because I am not
Nobody is worth it. I am a litigator but I
Antonio gives me the impression that this
It's going to go even further against the rules, trust me.
eh but the nonsense that just occurred to me
happen to
I'm the nonsense that I'm running out of
happen eh that I think that's going to go more
against the rules okay let's put the
and the aini te member
like the
members the
members who would like to be a member
What a bad area I wanted to do it
well and it turned out terrible for me But oh well
take Ah see you have member man is
You would always have to look at the here
YouTube rules Sorry eh Sorry that
It looks very bad, look at them
Antonio minutes 5 minutes to
justify
He has it easy, he doesn't have to
complicate because it only has one
content Javi That sounds bad Sorry
Sorry to Sorry I didn't do it for
disrespect you I swear I swear that I
I came out like this and I realized such and such
how was it going
saying Sorry, it's very painful and 25 or
30 years later I understand that one gives the
order and the other Execute because put to
compare case to case I see you
you as the Manson family the leader
of the sixth and the
henchmen
we make those kinds of comparisons lenita
You think I look more like that?
Manson Family Of course I'm very
very very very sister not her
I see Elena a little bit but not online.
I see her mu mu
Hey, I see it.
more like Charlie's Angels and me
It would be Charlie but you're not from the factory
of chocolate eh that you smoke joint in
truth and the comment he made saying
that Victoria the one on the flight was the widow of
your dog what a disgusting man but what
This guy is here to talk to me about Norma
you know it really comes to the point in
Serious
You see how they now catch that for
In front of them they begin to line themselves with
that what they have said what they have done
in their live performances
how they catch him And that he doesn't like
nothing to Tania
a complaint doesn't please him at all eh No
he likes neither a sentence nor a
complaint, well, the ones that go to her, no
He likes his vofa, his vofa and his
things he doesn't like he likes those of others
Besides, she loves it and it gives her the
importance she reports them depends
bottle nonsense and it doesn't exist eh no
There is already a bottle blow, there is no bottle blow
A penalty of months in prison does not exist.
has been deleted has not been
existed is that it is tremendous It is that this
It is that often often elements that we
They touch, eh, often what we have to go through
Here I'm really fed up, I'm leaving
I'm going to ask for sick leave now.
psychological
Elena, I can't stand this anymore.
I can't, I can't among the enemies that
I have and the friends that
I have no more
I feel I don't feel I'm not part of this
I don't feel part of this
Lords, my goodness, my goodness, Oh, by the way
I'm looking forward to the interview.
that is going to take the flight over I don't know
who from an association that goes speaks of
Tania
Oh my goodness, and the little things that happen to us
We're going to find out, eh?
we are fighting for the members
members
they played the joke on you
we are talking just before opening the
straight
It wasn't just a joke on the live show.
than before in
commenting ciso heart let's see I don't know
what happens to these people but you
say
Honestly, the obsession they have is
sickly eh
It's all the same to me whether it's Tania or not.
Loli that is Pepa that
be Troy eh And some
It's that the obsession is with you I think
who get into bed with you
ringing
thinking and they wake up with the same thing
Hey
then you start to think and you start to
see a live show of them and where they are today
They say I say Diego tomorrow they say Pepito like this
so it is that among themselves the
a hodgepodge of thoughts are thrown
two, three, or four hours in the same live stream
and the next live they don't remember
what they have said about what they have said if
He forgot the insults he made me
Today I said rice, tomorrow I say rain
It's that the truth
The truth is that I don't get it
understand
why not
they have coherence as they say
eh with his
The story is that it is mind-blowing
Troy I only wish him all the evil
that he considers to be evil, civil and harmful
eh I think that person is a
bitter about life and that's it, ball eh?
the
Tania the
Professor, well, I'm not going to say anything.
Say nothing better Loli has done a lot
hurt and sorry and is picking it up
that he has sown and Peppa
You may be more careful because
goes list and watch out for the patch that in this
life Everything is paid for
agura kiss a kiss
[Music]
very pretty they were looking at her amount of
memberships to see how much they had gone up
in those
direct how strong what not because it is the
the only intention they had was that they were
looking at the membership amount and everything
the weather saying Oh Oh On what Twitter
I saw him uncle in Salome Oh no
I remember on which Twitter it was
I saw there was a click that they were already saying Ah today
we will be in all the
channels in How many channels are we going is your
intention is everything she does and
everything he has done with me during
all these months
He doesn't care about getting informed, he doesn't care
find out and she told him that
I don't know what channel it was on, dude. What
Twitter was all she does and she
He recognized her because she is Jabi
oliveira what gives him the most profit has
said it has said it openly has said it
recognized And that is going to play a big role in it
against clear
eh Because while here he has been asked
calm down she said she didn't know
calm down, he doesn't feel like it, okay? And what
which is what gives you the most profit But in
what on what Twitter on what Twitter it
Have you seen what Twitter went to see in
Roberto's that she
says today we are going to go out in all the
channels Yes but not for what you
you believed Tania but because it is that the
you have shat another cloth
See here I have it, look at Roberto's
was you know how many channels we are going to
Antonio is leaving today in
200 in 200 and in the Guard Channel
civil we are also going to
come out come on in the end we get out of here in
grille both yes p melilla come I'm going
to put the you know how many channels
We're going out today, she thought it was
his rise to fame eh Oh what a thing ant
200 or here you have the motivation
just like he has said in many
occasions no eh jabi oliveira is what
more money gives me okay There you have all your
motivation as Consuelo also said
that she wanted to pretend that she was
He was fighting with Consuelo and her friend who
They wanted to put on a mock fight
to win pathetic pathetic everything
this
eh that was what I wanted and now very harassment
Good that Maria de la Cruz but that is
always that is always that
always if it had gone well it would be
She was the most based, she believed she was going
Let's go, Tania is great, how nice
does it how people expose how
dismount
He says it loudly, eh, I wasn't in the
conversation but he has done it
public eh that before starting already
were
looking straight ahead more regularly more often
with more
constancy Oh my God of my life and what
They were asking for members all the time
the morning but go up like that Pam
for today hunger for tomorrow depends aini
It depends on whether she really was one.
person with arguments who is doing well
informed Imagine if I had come
I know it's very difficult, eh. Because of
anyway this Oh they just got me
send an email, Pili is here
meab send an email from Red Bull Shop
because I claimed the
Let's see what the Red people told me.
Bull is over there
Pili but there are many people who
gets into gossip and things and that's it.
very difficult this is very difficult this is
like the one that singer turns
television collaborator how many people
goes through that big brother and to the
better than this one year then in a year
People forget this. This is very
difficult
They have named me C Ger Javier Oliveira
vielen F
dehen of
fren m day milden
deen
laut
B
F
stop I don't know if the
They are giving me the shirt
looking, I don't know if they are looking for me
T-shirt from the flight that has been going on for a month
pounding and the defenders of morality
If this is a joke, this is
It's a wonder that these four characters
don't comment on anything when you have to
put on some good duct tape
around the mouth and giving the head
worth not said and I have not been able to recover
nor recover more clip okay I don't know if there would be
to put something more of Loli wait I'm going
to check WhatsApp to see if they have me
sent a WhatsApp maybe I understand
that they had done so much harm to him that he
flight had not done as much damage as
I had told him this because the flight
It hasn't done that much damage to Loli Huertas.
as we said by Loli
Huerta repeated by Loli Huertas the
flight takes a year and a half longer
machac
crushing, that is to say, they can't anymore
make me
damage
but what
you
representatives of the defense and the
injustices you have brought upon me
family you have
put my
life
Haig and done what you have done which is
no
I can't I can't I can't with this it's no
I can see you have fallen much lower than the
flight but with a lot of H the flight is my
enemy attacks me, offends me, attacks me
crush and that you have
overcome that has no name, man clo
They were his friends and he trusted them
They know what happens and indiscreet that
Friendship only goes one way, that's it.
What happens is that friendship only goes one way
part and affection only goes one way and
The defense goes on one side because look
what he has done Look what he has done
for helping her that we put you to
your family you have exposed me
family you Tania has put herself in
contact with my family and you know that
It will be the bomb if one day these two
They fight because it is also very
probably between them all
they are all going to eat each other
These groups that you see and all those that
They leave, we go there watching it from
here
But you know what would be tremendous?
which can surely happen with him
time
that when they go out when they fight
this
People Now I'm going to the kids
also that when they fight this
people come out the conversations that
had Tania and him to prepare this
I mean, imagine the two of them talking, bu
We're going to put the audio on, we're going to rock it.
Play this part of Javi oliveira but
Don't put this part because then
We are going to look bad.
Also imagine the conversations of
the two thinking that they were going to
become YouTube stars
with that
live and more people Okay and you have been
you like it or not
And on top of that, Oh Joli says, how about the crofi?
You have entered my sixth fatal today very
bad joli today has been the second day and the
The truth is that I have been very dizzy.
been able to finish all the exercises
true that it is very hard, very bad, very bad
and telling her things in her own way
lawyer as they say and now I
I think at this moment I think he believed it
really not being anyone like me
being exactly the same as I know
believes with the power and the right to go to
to interfere in a
family to talk about private life
my private life
your family is exposed by your
Lola's fault Ah
Okay, your family is exposed because of you
The uncle, who is so worried, says to him, "blame me."
wide and has become so
wide and my Pablo what
What is my Pablo doing awake?
These are not the hours for you to be
wake up sir, let's go to the
little bed let's go to bed it's a pain
the crofi but you will notice it good in
That's what we are carrying.
a little more regular between weeks
we control a little better during the week
Monster There it goes, I'll take less before I
I used to take two a day, now I take one
Well
eh There are days that I haven't taken eh There are
day that I have not taken food more or
less between weeks is fine is fine
The truth is that I'm not eating that much.
fat as much filth as before so much
I'll check it on the weekend.
less is a little more important to me but oh well
There we go, guilt
Lolta here is why I had to
record this video almost like this three or four
times and I couldn't get it out yesterday because
This is where the outbreak gets to my head
head
eh what does it say
tesa the white ones I don't know what they are
Whites Oh tesa, I have the above.
what they told you above reigns
I have it
I missed it with the camera thing
white no
I know Salome is laughing her ass off with him
Trojan translated it for me
text I can't believe
Mimi
but here we are to see who is more
Boomer, let's see Mimi
Oh okay
Okay, I can't believe it, let's go
see in
Serious about this comment Elena because it makes me
Elena just sent the comment and
Mimi this is Sarcasm no I mean it is
this person saying jokingly
No, I mean, I don't believe that a person
I have translated what I have read by reading it
I understand that it is done
Sarcasm, let's see, I'll try to translate it.
with the
translator that I am
You are two older ladies, eh?
I am literal
literally my mother to see
hope they have found shirt A
See, wait, I'm going to read it.
Okay says dear Thank you for your
message we have received your request and we do not
We will contact you as soon as possible
really possible Elena
Hey, you have a lot of material.
Hey, between my enemies and my friends, I
I have a divine future here on YouTube
Uh So
Antonio for me
blame can be unhappy but more
Unfortunately, you don't have one, eh, you're a
You and Tania are two scoundrels.
You are two scoundrels and you are two scoundrels and
Look, you would have to have a very big ass.
clean to say what you are saying
And I tell you, here we have family
everyone and here those who have put audio
with name and photo you are totally you
to earn money that you have been doing for months
putting their shield on me
forward to attack those who
You guys feel like it, totally fine. And
thinking that I am the one who has to
to be silent is to say that you do not go out
defend yourself because I'm already rich because I'm already rich
I'm getting rich but you don't go out, eh?
you
Back off, because you have surprises ahead.
each of the live shows you do each
one
Oh Roman
Sorry for what I read Jai in English my
translation is that it is a recipe for
food has nothing to do with any t-shirt
By the way, good recipe but if it was
German was German something else that is
understand to see lining lining gives you
for four cans of Mercadona and And for
what does not pay
self-employed not Pablo There you are
lost some s to see lining clear to
that we call forrando but some have
won a lot
Me when I had 3000 followers
You still don't monetize on YouTube.
I spent two or three years working in
YouTube while working on my
normal job trying to make my channel
and doing it because I liked it and because
I wanted the gossip and all that, without money.
At that time there were no
live shows and stuff like that you might have done
a live connection every year
You know what, but the Supers didn't exist.
chat members and some have
won, that is, these people have won
enough money for the numbers that
They have and it is based on Ay is that the
Chili pepper gives me the live show in Amarillo
Oh Loli, look at the chili pepper what it is
He told you, give me, Oh, it's that I don't even have
for water
or you put it in members or
They will come out to your sister, she brought it out in the open
Nuri Cris and the flight what
egg what egg
dude what a pain
uncle what
eggs this already [ __ ] because you
you will be very happy very happy with you
YouTube channel but your family are
up to the balls up to the balls of
to be seen in Boca from all over the world and the
way to stop in flight
My family, I take care of my family
Antonio I tell you one thing This is the
last day this is the last one that you
I allow you to put in your mouth my
family Because if you take out if we name
family we are going to name all of them both the
yours as that of
Tania is not public no matter how much you think
burst that is burst and that you have
an outbreak my family is not public
nor have I exposed it, nor have I said that a
rubble is exactly what they are
saying about me without and the rubble is Eh
could be
any
worth it
rubble So my family the one who
you are exposing and filling your mouth
Look at your face Look at your face
faces at this moment we will reflect the
difference of a third when it is
It changes your face
true your audio from the latter part No
I understood it very well
well that's me still and FJ me
no, I don't give
supply but in any case of the
beaches of Palma could speak since
They are beautiful and I don't take my dog ​​there.
to [ __ ]
Okay, so I don't understand you right?
Then don't tell me you are.
going through bad neither make me suffer nor you
Don't make him suffer, look, eh?
It is in the second part now will come the
third thing that I don't do to him
suffer this guy who is but if he is a
monster no
They are two monsters who have come together, eh?
Civilian monsters have gathered together
behind We'll see it in the third
part because he also had a very bad time
for a long time with all this happened
Poor Peppa, how bad it is
What a bad time the pppa had cheering on
Loli eh So that they would insult us for
that we
slander
new this is from
hallucinated you know what is hard
eh have three jobs to support two
Children, go ahead, okay, watch out, I would do it.
any mother and I tell you that I don't
I am not a heroine but Tania
wants to have what you have, eh?
working the minimum and it is thought that because
to put in front of a camera
and wield what one says what one says
the other but not develop
for
you have to explain the circumstances
first investigate and this lady does not
Investigate and I am from Mrs. Tania
to the very same So to Tania
what I'm going to tell you
is
Now you take this fart and fry it
maja curra curr Telo I don't care that
whether they are working physically or in front
from a currat Elo camera but good to
see at what moment at what moment it has
escalated the level of this live to a
no fart
no no no no we don't have to take a break
we have to make one
pause no no pause We try
the night is getting longer here in
telesalseo and I didn't want to be
I extended the night on telesalseo because
because I have a lot of time later at the sauce shop
You also see how much I miss them
month but they just sent me something
that I have to tell you when we finish
to see what Loli we have left of Loli
four videos let's watch it
but I don't know if I'm going to stay how long
time We've been here for 2 hours and
10 2 hours and
10 I'm not going to be the most How many
Likes
I'm not going to destroy myself
eh 100 likes But what is this 100 likes
35 members I'm not going to leave I'm not going to leave
I'm going to get ready for this, eh?
guys guys I love that you
I call you guys, I call you guys
I seem to listen to me listen to me
Listen to me for 1200 members no no me
They are sending me a very annoying one
fancy
related to the civil guard and with
alanne that I am that I pass
true I don't see I don't see memberships like
so that you destroy man memberships no
no no no there are no memberships for me
I don't destroy anything, no, I don't think I'm going to.
Continue tomorrow, does it seem like two hours?
tomorrow
we continue you can't go and leave with
honey on the lips Yes I can
manuem mi I can do whatever I want
I can do what
I want to tell you all about it later in the
box of
comments Well I don't know I'm going to do it
think okay I'm going to see the likes that
You have from now until you finish watching the
Loli's videos are worth the likes and the
members there are when I finish watching
the four Loli videos I have left
Okay, and depending on how you have
ported I'll tell you another one or I won't tell you
It's worth it, huh. Let's see, I'm not selling smoke.
eh Let's see if this appears, I'm not selling
smoke if I tell you that it will deserve the
It will be worth it
sorry if I tell you it's going to be worth it
will deserve the
Oh my mother, I'm sorry
gave birth
the mother who me
gave birth to ampari a kiss heart Many
Thanks. Well, I'll see how you are.
when you see the four videos how are they
the likes and the members and I see if you
I'll tell it today, I'll tell it to you
tomorrow the fight with us was great
there and Peppa also had a very bad time
Well, telling the truth, praise in private
Poor Peppa, I don't know who is more
victim of all of them eh with her I
He said that PPPA Betn was there when
she was going through it
Bad man of course was not going to be there
Peppa Peppa Bertrán was there when I
I was having a hard time seeing children
washed your ears to hear that you do not
tell that I have said that in the
first neither was I on YouTube myself
I don't know if she or I
no and that for the second one she knew it
but I had no daily contact with her and
That's exactly what happened
when there was
I put jav oliveira and juanju they were made
friends and attacked
Ade for the thing of
Malaga is worth what Malaga is worth.
God Jabi Oliveira and Juan Jublo are
they became friends
go and I put a
comment when putting that comment I get
they made a few
direct a few direct Loli but
If we saw that recently, oh where can it be?
That's what we saw recently, it put us
a comment saying that we were about
sick I don't know what was up and I called her
to solve that comment or rather
posted the comment on the Channel
Enrique
insulting him I called her or went into a
straight from me I don't remember why I don't know
If it was by message I think I called her by
Instagram in a live and she took and
He told me: Oh well, yes, I have defamed you.
I have
heated as is, literally
Where is that Aunt Elena Where is it
We saw that just now here, that is.
It was literally like that, eh, I caught her in
a comment from another Enrique Channel
I think it was from the
Enrique making me not green by insulting him
and I told her Loli but this is what you
you are saying here is a lie and says Ah
Well then I have
heated
look at a few direct ones between
all the but let's go a few
direct comments that are in all
the boxes took mine and in that one
they centered a few direct ones man
is that she was part of the community of
Here on telesalseo It's as if I
I'll find tomorrow who I'm telling you about
Here's Lone Wolf and I catch him writing
an outrageous insult to me and on top of that
It's a lie, of course I would read it and
We would say Hey what have you put here but
apart from that, Loli Huerta eh is not between
all the comments that were on that
Loli Huerta's comment box was
according to ABC a person who was the one who
I donated a lot to Antonio, that is to say
She was known because she wanted to become
known and gave interviews as well
then of course it is not the same as
any
comment
There's Peppa Bertrán on the Canal
[Music]
from a YouTube from a YouTube that already
I have said and I do not want to continue naming him
and naming him and naming him in the Channel
from Enrique
YouTube went up and said verbally
verbally
He was aware of everything and that
I asked
diary
We are there, I am lost, I don't know what
it is being
referring to why
There Peppa cut off communication because I
I wasn't there because
They were attacking Antonio David and me.
I retired
So now Loli recognizes that she is
retreated because we were attacking
Antonio David Vale, well, she didn't say
that it was a lie that he had left
vacation and found when he returned
with which people told him that he had
angry do you remember that thing that
She got angry with the channel
angry twice two or three times that
Antonio David and all that has been criticized
roll has been
angry and when he came back he said Ah
I was on one of these cruises
imaginary that she does worth And Ah I
I wasn't angry I was so
Quietly on vacation I meet with
What are you saying that I was angry?
Well here he is recognizing it.
They were messing with Antonio av Y
then I retired Hey what am I seeing
over here memberships to sack super chat to
What's up, are you going to dry me out?
wait a moment for me to tell you about the
civil guard
No
Rafaela Rafaela or Rafael has given away
five members
Manu five members also Angeles a
piece of Super chat good Javi
Nice to see you one more night and
Spectacular series with
Fran I'm glad I'm glad I asked him
Kuma retis's opinion and was based
I want to see that I want to see that where it is
I can see, please send me Los Angeles.
Now for the kids, please send it to me.
Now for the kids
Please Carmen 50 from Super chat so that
you buy me Chinese for the destruction
that you are
doing I'm going to get super strong and
You're going to see good, to see super strong
super strong with which it is convincing
for the photos it goes well V Javi you have to
say that Alne was arrested. Yes, let's see clearly.
You have put me in all the commitment and
Now I have to stay, I have no choice
I have no other choice, I stay Rafaela
Thank you very much, I'm staying, I'm staying now.
I'll tell you, we see what happened with Loli and now I
I'm staying, give it a like. It's free that way.
channel and Peppa wasn't there with me
What Peppa did there was call me to
tell me that I was wrong and that
I was wrong and to go back to
Channel of
chili pepper already
It's Vale and who is there I've said it and it's
Everyone knows that in this case, yes
I had relationships every day
that I started with Peppa on Instagram
because of Big Brother, which later in a
time we gave ourselves the
phone and then by phone we
We were in contact but not with that one
intensity of of of
lately the intensity was when
Peppa opens the Loli channel
the intensity is when Peppa opens the
Stay channel, we're going for the 2000
memberships
Manui, you have already shown me that
the kids in that sense arrived
last month 3200 and you know what happened with
the
Gifts is what the theme of the has
gifts let's see it's very good because
In the end, they are not donations and it is support but
members members real members Look
the kids now have expired gifts
and we have gone from 3,200 members to 10,000
1900 who will be the royal members
who are members and are not
given away between 100 and 2000 always but
Well, the kids have arrived
3200 here I think we haven't yet
never reached 2000
I don't think we're there yet.
never to the to the
at 2000 no at least or yes at 2000
yes no to what you have not reached
They are at 3000 never no more in January
2022 my birthday was celebrated in the
Javi Oliveira's channel and there it was
Peppa and she sang me one they sang me one
song in your happy birthday place
his
son in the
22 before Peppa opened her
channel the topic is when Peppa opens her
Channel now Ah, now the bad guys are you.
This is a joke, no s hom l f you the
Twitter account on which you are going to
base the ardia to defend itself on the
account of a stalker jerk But
Also, Virginia can't kiss you, beautiful.
of an imbecile but who is stupid but of
the but stupid stupid and stalker this yes
that he is a stalker Of course he is
We are the bad ones because we have bothered
your family we are the ones who
we are calling the house on the phone
one's house, the other's work
another Yes yes let's see I don't say it I say it
Tania says so
sister That one who thanks you
end to be able to get rid of such
such such such such such that someone else puts it
shameless, you are very, a kiss Sister
I stay, I stay, Sister, shameless
and come on troll, you are a troll
keep calling mund here we have
called nor has bothered us do
the movement to stop all this
By the way, here he has been bothered, yes
Here the family has been manipulated
Yes, here it has been bothered, manipulated and
put your head like a drum to your
craving to achieve your goal
eh Because you thought well This is already a
little repetitive Let's see I don't know if there is any here
Anything else
It happened that I was also going to go to the hospital
So I don't know, I don't know everything and many times
I have told you not to leave that topic alone anymore.
forget it How many times have I
said Antonio because I have him here with
my voice it
I have that topic, they couldn't release it if
That topic was his bastion. How many times have I
It has already been said
leave it How many times have you said that
It was a very big thing and I said
but if it is a very small thing like
the ass of a
lighter You know what there probably is
been what it looks like so
describe what it looks like so
describe is something benign okay This is it for me
I'm making this up, so this isn't it.
I confirm or anything but based on what
They are talking about what I think
It could be the reality
That is my conclusion, eh, that is, I am not
diagnosing anyone of anything nor am I
imputing any statement eh Nor am I
attributing any disease to anyone or
nothing like that But what I
I understand between what one says and what
The other says that the conclusion for
me eh could
be that whatever it was is a matter
benign that had nothing wrong with it but
just in case you
remove
That's why she mentions the biopsy.
who gets a scare with the biopsy
until they tell him that it's nothing bad and
then there is an operation to remove it
I don't know what it is true that it is
invents the thing about the breasts that they put on her
some prostheses at the same time that they remove
nothing That is a complete invention
but let's go because it's impossible okay but
[Music]
and but the thing about what I get
here is where it would surely be a
biopsy of that not a little thing that you
They remove it just in case so that it doesn't stop
that it doesn't get bad over time. Okay.
and eh And these two characters to call it
somehow this and the climb then it is
They would exaggerate it to use it
against
ours and to play with that theme in
YouTube is what has become a
little bit but I tell you I don't know I don't know
I know but that's what it implies
because of course Pepa has been here today
saying no I knew this I knew it
another I was at his side this the other and
the and the and the this is the Loli was
saying that the others have it
exaggerated that they knew it was nothing
It was nonsense and they exaggerated it
So the conclusion I draw is
That would be very strong, eh, so that
the pppa has even started to cry in
the
direct has been put up to
cry yes yes said I
that but you
flip-flops
Hey yes you were there Day after day Day after day
and in the subject without wanting to leave it be
and you were the ones who were
feeding because I come to say the
something is wrong, it is serious and I have not
saying
Never like that so that
Hey you
You know they have exaggerated it and she has not
cut it off because as she believed that
These were his friends or something
style Well, publicly they have not
cut and from what it looks like from what
she's saying okay she would have
been sending audio telling him Hey
Stop exaggerating this. I mean, she does.
that he would have tried to cut it
spicy lie one is spicy and
the other lila so let's talk about
First thing to do is to give the pigeons
Thanks to Javi because yesterday in his live
He put two pieces saying that he was in
Page 4 and I just ask you Javi
ask you Javi to really please me
that demand arrives now
Please send me that request.
already for
eh that we have to clarify it
Let's fix where we need to clarify
and this already affects me, this already affects me
This is embarrassing, this is this role of
interpret a false bravery and a one
false sense that you don't care
demand that I put it on you that you put it on
you face I don't know what I don't know how much when
You've been saying "I'll give you" for 6 months.
ask me for the data, I'll give you my data
address for me to arrive and in the
moment we asked you for the address
because the court does not request it
[ __ ] dick, okay, I don't
I want your address to give you flowers
But let's say she has given her address
not to many people because I have seen that
They have sent him gifts that have
sent a sweatshirt, that is to say to more than
three and more than four have given their
direction and now he is here to be a
false role of No, I'm in a hurry
that it reaches me, it reaches you because
I understand that if it hasn't reached you
because for me the change of tone and the no
and not pronouncing and those things gives me the
impression that it is because it has reached you
okay apart from me when in the second
maybe not me, not us at the moment
We have been notified otherwise that
has not arrived or whatever the first one is
on the first try on the first try
attempt comes to us as we do
They request them, you see that in another
complaint in another lawsuit that I filed that I
I thought I was already more advanced in
another claim that
I put yes that the person did not pick it up in
the one in the first place is worth it
and the player himself looked for another one
address without telling us anything
We learned last week that
the court itself without telling us anything
looked for another way to notify him
the person and they notified him of another lawsuit
that I put in December
and yet in that of
Loli, they sent us a car, we already told you about it.
No
asking him for months saying I'll tell you
I give the
send us there send us there madam
take it, don't give me the address, go on
Let's go. Not you, the attorney.
Attorney, look, there's my lawyer.
Pablo They have tried to put me
people who didn't know where to sue
notify me because I have moved okay
And nobody knows where I live and me
lawyer has been notified Hey there is a
your client's lawsuit in court and I
I told him to go and
take it
This youtuber, the delox, sued
a youtuber vale delox sued a
youtuber and the youtuber didn't open the
postman became just like Loli eh
for a long time Ah, it doesn't reach me
Come on, put it on me, put it on me because you're not going to put it on me
It's a lie and when the postman called him
to the door so that it reaches you
demand to deliver the demand not to it
The postman opened it and of course he thought that
not opening it to the postman there was no such thing as
This is what happened then, finally
Surely someone would recommend it to you
It's going to be worse for you, you're making it worse.
Because if you do not collect the demand,
that can happen at the end at the end at the
The final result is that you are notified in
the BOE and that the trial be held without
you when you are publicly leaving
proof that you don't want to pick it up or
This is what can happen in the end if
you don't want to receive it because of course this
It's not that she isn't notified no no
She knows very well that there is a demand and
He knows it since before
December and not only do I know that
there is a demand is that you know that there is a
car that we have sent to him and it has been
said and she has acknowledged it in public
He knows that there is a car asking for his
direction or that she or she goes
attorney to pick it up that they have it in the
judged at the end the court when it
Tired what you are going to do is judgment without
Let her defend herself, it doesn't matter because
is that in any case the case of the olih
Huerta Yo is that this is not going to happen
present in court what you are going to
be and they will condemn her and say that she is
lie that they have condemned her that she did not
has no judgment And that's what
will do And that doesn't work like that That's going away
to complicate and it will be complicated and it will be
It will be complicated and it will become more complicated
but let her do whatever she wants, sued
There is the procedure number, you have it
has the car where you are requested to
the lame or provide a place where
notify it on YouTube publicly has
acknowledged that he knows about the lawsuit that has
heard that we have tried
notify and that my lawyer tries
contact her to let us know
is making it impossible for him to know the number
of procedure where to pick it up
the court will give it up
notified when the ball is inflated
and and and and it's going to be judgment without
she who then does not want to comply
with the sentence, whatever comes out
Well, things are getting much worse now or
whether she does what she sees or does what she sees
that she sees if the yes the way is that
knowing that she was being sued she continued
calling us abusers and harassers
garbage [ __ ] and things like that that I do
Whatever I want, I demand it as it is not
It could have been otherwise, I put it on her
okay And she knows it And she knows it
because we have sent the car to him
from the court telling him Hey he's here
the demand that we cannot accept this lady
notify her to do what she
See the other day he showed a little folder there
of about
lawyers she didn't say because those
lawyers send a solicitor and the
the attorney picks it up, it's not that she
have to go to the court to pick it up if
is that he knows it very well if it is not
that she has to go to court
The attorney goes and picks it up, takes it
demand we will answer come what are you going to do
to claim, then you are going to claim that Javi
alanne are very bad and that Pilar does not
has cancer according to you what you want
come these expressions How the
You justify. Well, nothing.
Pam there is no escape from the law no
can escape there is no escape Okay
then it's up to me to do this in front of
your audience of Please send it to me now
Please send it to me, man, ma'am.
Sue if you haven't read it because you don't
You want to be notified. You have been notified.
appeared in it and you have caught in public
that this is not something you can deny. I mean
that is that she can't Then say in
the court It's that it didn't reach me It's
that no no no no no no my lawyer has
appeared in the chat not for not for
persecution or anything like that
lawyer has appeared in your chat because
She is openly asking for the
let's notify and she's asking
openly that we ask for the address
so that we can deliver it to him and my lawyer
has appeared gone in her chat and she
has publicly sent him to the
[ __ ], Karime sent him a message. Look.
the court's ruling that this is true
that they are not staying here
Notified Loli, you are fine.
notified if you want to defend yourself from
the demand You are still in time I think
I don't know, I think you are in time to
that you go to the court and defend yourself if not
If you want to defend yourself, they will set a date.
preliminary hearing will set a date
trial and the sentence will come out you do it
that you want I am very calm
I have not defamed you nor insulted you nor
nothing like that So like you
You'll understand Loli I'm super
calm, I'm not in a hurry nor do I feel like it
Your sentence is due next week.
okay neither nor do I have any I don't have any
hurry is very slow I would like that
These things were faster because I
would like someone from your group or from the
who were in your group but are no longer in it
They should have stopped a long time ago, okay? And no.
They stop and they will stop when it comes to them
Okay, I would like things to be
faster But unfortunately they are like that
of slow But well, that's all I have
What I want is for you to pay for what you have done
fact that you have done a lot of damage you have done
much damage and no and there is no it can't be
There's no other way it's going to get to you, it can't be
otherwise four and I only ask you
Javi, I ask you Javi that you really
Please send me that request now.
Please send me that request.
already for
Hey, that's what you want, Loli.
Give me an email and I'll send you the request.
I don't want to give me the address. Give me a
email and I will send you the request
demand is admitted for processing eh that is
They have tried to notify you of the claim
You didn't get it. Give me an email and I'll
I give you the demand, I send it to you by
I have my email here on my computer.
You want the lawsuit right now
Come on, I'll send it to you via WhatsApp.
Send it to her, Pablo, she's asking you for it.
She is not publicly asking for it
publicly
Send it to her, come on, take it
you don't want to open a lawsuit because you
You're going to take it and you're going to say when it comes out
the sentence that does not exist that they are not
notified But that doesn't matter, that is, if it is
that she has publicly acknowledged that
has seen my lawyer in the chat that has
answered Karime's messages and has
taken the car that knows the number of
procedure and that it does not go because it does not
it's okay if it's not going to help you
If the trial is held, it will not serve you well.
say that she has not been notified
It won't work for him alone
you are missing what you are doing now because
now you don't want to show your face that
clarify let's fix it where we have it
to clarify and please Javi tell you
I beg you now, send me the demand.
because in court they don't take that long
time to know where I live or where
I'm
Pablo has begged him, eh, if you see him
convenient Paul
Send it to her, she has begged for it, eh?
publicly he has begged for it to be
Let's get it to you, we have it here.
Once the procedure has been admitted, the court is ready to act
waiting for her to be notified
Okay, send it to him if you see it, Pablo.
Mándasela is accepted for the mándale procedure
the cars that are admitted to you
Send him everything clearly, he is asking for it.
I have no problem sending it to you
is publicly pleading for it
You understand Spanish as well as I do.
It's not me interpreting anything strange
No, mmm, I'm not going to look for him.
no court I am a person like
all the others and when a person me
I demanded they will have to send me something
notification eh we have tried you
notify us only missing by
smoke signals Loli but let's go that the
people go to court and
prosecutors are going to play pick it up
It's nothing out of this world, I eat well
I'm telling you there's a youtuber who doesn't
I wanted to open the door to the postman with a
demand And in the end he sent the attorney
when the lawyer told him what you are
doing It's not right he sent the
attorney and the attorney picked it up or
after the postman gives it to you
tried to deliver and he didn't open the door
postman went to pick it up okay so
It's okay, you go and well, I'll send it to you.
now you don't
Don't worry because I went through on Friday
the played too and there was nothing to O
wait he said he said Make me
arrive the lawsuit because in court
It doesn't take them that long to know where
I live or where I am that I am not going to go to
look for him in any court that I am not going to
to go look for him in any court
person like all the others and when
If a person sues me, they will have to
send something a notification because I
On Friday I also went to the courthouse
that I went to court on Friday
also
Pablo says sent and double blue check
Well, they are here.
Pablo notified double blue check in
seriously joking then it is
not notified but you will see that she goes
to continue saying that she is not notified
because a postman has not delivered it to you
As Tania said with the burufa
It is notified but more than anything it is not
for nothing but because if the judgment is given
without her because she doesn't want to show up
because you don't want to appear if it happens
trial without it then will not be possible
claim that she was not notified that she was not
I was aware that
No man, it's just that it is.
making it impossible
making it impossible for man is already good that
we put it when we filed the lawsuit
this
Pablo double blue check says Pablo to
Loli Huerta and also has the photo of
Loli Huerta's profile and tells her
Pablo, good evening, my client tells me.
Javier Oliveira what are you asking for?
We will send you the request without any problem here.
the
You have a double blue check.
sent sent with double Che
[Music]
WhatsApp is now considered blue
valid information method let's see
This is the same debate as the
Tania with the subject
but we are not going to see the evidently
official things are brought to you by a postman
The mailman brings it to you, it's fine.
But if I send you an email with
acknowledge receipt and you open it you give up
notified if you are in a live broadcast
YouTube and someone sends it to you and you
you take it and claim that you have taken it you are
notified of anything else you want
sign it don't sign it I don't know what I don't know
how much but January 23rd was put on
demand the demand the
he has to not love her, that he does not love herself
Defending that is already a matter for Fati.
Welcome, thank you very much, beautiful.
Thank you very much Fati
heart if you do not want to defend yourself
Well, it's already there.
On January 23, it was admitted for processing.
whether it is set up, it sounds to me like it was
as before the other one no if this one
It sounds like we put it in like November or
something like that
there was no problem I don't know
that
and there was no
nothing then and now please I beg you
Please make it real, make it real.
really thanks for those two clips eh
There was nothing Thanks for those clips and
I had nothing here to see you but I don't know if
I don't know if I should see you after what
after
I will always be here as long as I can.
supporting you
Well, you already have it Loli said and
said and done, it's worth it. And no, you haven't.
gone through the court because in the
the court is there
and
look whoever
sea ​​Wait wait Wait wait wait
I have to be quiet for a moment
Okay
to the
okay let's see
eh basically oliverta has told
Paul because he knows that he is Paul because he has
Pablo has even commented on your photo
looked at your photo and saw that it's you and
you have told him that he has told you that he
go to Paseo just like in your photo
okay just like in your photo he told you
go for a walk with your
client, how are you there in the photo?
strolling Well, you walk, it's still worth it.
He's not going to open what he sent you.
that he is not going to open it because because he doesn't
believe it to be
real
that tomorrow he will comment on it on his channel
okay we are clowning around and
that we can only send that to him
by legal means but LoL by legal means
I don't
you take but Loli I have seen myself as a postman and
I'll bring it to you how you want it
we hand it over it was foreseeable that we would not
This woman wants to take what she wants
To do is, eh, this woman what she wants
to do is not to present has been put to
laugh out loud
nervous It's that this doesn't do it like that is that
This is not Loli, there you have the demand.
We have given the number of the court where
is and the procedure number you
We have sent the car that is
admitted for processing we have sent you
now the demand and has double the chance
you are more than
notified okay you are more than notified
that you want to defend yourself You defend yourself that
You don't want to defend yourself You defend yourself, don't you?
tea
defend but this falsehood of putting yourself
here as very brave send it to me
send it to me Well then tell me a way Tell me
another way I have already sent it to you by
WhatsApp my lawyer No me my lawyer you
Che sent it via double WhatsApp
blue is worth it because you have begged me to
let's get it to you and now no way
legal but legally what is it? What
Do you think the judge is going to hit you?
in hand and you're not going to open the door
It's not like we would do that either.
we did that thing where the judge goes to
take it away no
would open it is making it worse of course
It's getting worse but Elena is his
purpose from the first moment no
introduce yourself, lengthen it and when a time passes
couple of years then you'll see it coming and say
that the sentence is a lie when
it comes out because and then he will try
Surely I think that what I
will surely try to claim that it is not
has notified her or whatever But she is
more than notified And it is
making it impossible is that he does not want us
wants to face this matter to us
wants to show his face in the
played These are good times that it gives me
My job. Well, it's a bit of a chore for me.
noses since it is getting longer
because we are talking about a lady
that has been going on for 6 months here
a piece of paper from Send it to me. Send it to me now. I'll send it to you.
I give my address and it doesn't stop
make it worse make it longer make it longer And if the
These things are slow since many
Sometimes I get lazy
Hey Javi, but it's going to bring you more pain.
head on still Yes in the long run yes
keep complicating, complicating
complicating eh I already know where it's going I already know
I know where
Well she will know family what you
I have to tell about AR of Troy okay
It turns out that Ar of Troy has stated in
your live that alazne
has
tomorrow yes
The Civil Guard has given her an appointment
Trojan has made an appointment with Anne in
the guard
civil as the one who makes an appointment for
the nails
eh yes there is a double blue check I have it
open Yes yes Charly that is more than
notified but not only as that
It is notified already, but it is not
that but we have sent him the car of
that the procedure that is being processed is admitted
requests the address on the basis that she
publicly that is not to say because
we have decided to do it, okay?
based on what she has publicly said
again and again that we ask for the
address and that we send you the request
As you have seen now, okay, that is.
we are not doing things
because we feel like it, I don't know what it's worth
but on the basis that she is asking for it
Okay, please send it to me, I beg you.
Send me the shot Claro already what is
doing is playing at complicating it
stretch it out or whatever says Elena and to
the highlights he has remembered to ask for
appointment no he has not asked for it he has asked for it
appointment for the civil guard tomorrow
Alne has an appointment with the Civil Guard
Ah no alne no alanne no alanne no alanne
He doesn't have an appointment tomorrow.
He that he has an appointment tomorrow at the
Civil Guard not the one who mentions it
civil guard to tell him that they have
an audio has been released that he and the
Loli has posted on her channel
YouTube me
insulting you with my physique With the
sexuality with what I do with what
I stop doing
Spanish law is above you
Human Rights are above
of all Human Rights says the
creature that is
[Laughs]
violating Oh my God the little creature
you idiot, you idiot, you are
above Human Rights
says be careful, she's calling
UN These are very peculiar eh These
These people are very peculiar
Hey you, why? Because I'm a tweeter.
you are a hooligan, you are what [ __ ] you are
eella imagine this is what I'm going to receive
tomorrow imitates Medina
inmita Medina to inmita is the one that has
Having said that, I don't know where I had it. Oh, I don't know anymore.
agreement where I had it that his father was
a pimp has told him
imita
You have to call Green
Peace please don't tell me they aren't
special my little creatures
to the ha Javi that which you so many times told me
You call me dry [ __ ] because you are
[ __ ] and you smell And you smell then now you
You eat it, it must be immaculate.
From London what are you going to give him, eh? How
This is how things are now with the Palace of
from Kensington Palace what makes it
Kensington Palace's fault is that of
Troy making an appointment at the CV eh with him
treaty between England and
Spain that I have been eating from
your months and years of enduring eh And
years and
years yes yes three months ago I didn't even know
Who the hell was Mortadelo? What are you doing to me?
counting years nor years I have you
insulting me you know that I have
twit I've never told it
because let's see how you do it
I'm going to teach you something, okay?
give me one
second is that what I have here is not
it is not it is
normal How are the likes going that I don't
not stressed here at all eh
Look really at what I'm going to tell you
putting you will stop
stone
don't send it to me
Elena
I'm going to cover the username
Okay, here I am fighting with a
youtuber a few years ago okay
Well, in 2020 the date is there
Wait for this one, you won't see it coming.
I tell you
Hey, you're not going to see this one.
come
eh the ard of Troy was in 2020 the T
for whatever reason
I delete but in 2020 those of Troy in others
fights that I was on YouTube was
throwing [ __ ] at me supporting another
people
what is la la la what I have
archived you get Anything from
There are months and years and I don't know you from
nothing
I'm going to talk about the topic of the topic of
audioo I'm going to talk about the topic of the topic
of the audio because that
Audio should only exist for the
person to whom it
I sent
and today I was on guard
civil
Imagine the civil war with this.
You Imagine this character arriving at
the civil guard with the things they have
right now the Civil Guard is doing the moves
that they have and the amount of work they have and
This Guard arrives to you
[Applause]
civil and now I tell him no Look, I am
youtuber and they have taken an audio of mine in the
that I was covering for one who was
I don't know what. It means that this is
It was tremendous to imagine this thing.
the video of him, I mean I would love to see it
in video of him arriving at the guard
civil
Uncle, what a thing
eh As you can see you can see it there on camera
I have an appointment tomorrow at
11:30 sir
you pringo pringo you mortadelo that you are a
You loser will be in the middle of tomorrow
the barracks along with all these people
Tomorrow I'm going to get up at 1:00
I'm going to eat a cake later and I
I'm going to the gym to train, okay? And
Then at night I might come again
time and I laugh at you
pring and I'll see what can be done with
people who put audios and
challenge Javi please Today is the birthday of
a very important person to me
You can congratulate him, it's called a scholarship.
of course, beca, a kiss, gorgeous you
I want a scholarship Happy birthday everyone
Chas right now congratulating Beca Una
They should have given this guy a scholarship
My poor creature is worth what
was doing something Worthy and not the
ridiculous thing that he does on the internet that is a
It's nice to be sued
message for everyone who is in the
verified tweet and verified channel
Tomorrow at 11:30 he is at the barracks
the guard
civil guard has Twitter
verified By the way with the gray with the
I have it because I'm a YouTuber
verified in blue okay but the guard
civil has verified it the verified
in grey if companies have it
verified in Yellow Okay and and And good
Well, life is like that, you are verified
a buffoon from Troy, the truth is
that gives all the pain in the world
Uncle, the truth is that it gives all the pity of the
world Put the link of the Channel but
so that the civil guide can subscribe and go
that I see you here doing the
ridiculous and will get where it has to
I'm not a lawyer, I don't know how to get there.
the laws work already already already already I have
I have realized that I have realized that I do not
is that we're going to realize that it is
to think that you can report
half of Twitter included who of
retweet or think you can
report any Twitter media that publishes
a tweet where there is a clip of you from your
[ __ ] live that is public on YouTube
reacting to a video of Loli where she already
also publishes an audio where it is not
violates your privacy and you're a [ __ ]
[ __ ] clown is obviously okay.
You've made me clear that no, no.
You understand the laws, okay? Obviously, I
You have made it clear that you do not understand
Regarding laws, I am going to explain what has happened
I'm going to leave the Channel's phone number in the past
There they can dump it and do it.
whatever they have to do the phone of the
Channel but come on V makes you ask him
a visa to the civil guard too but
My goodness, seeing this creature, huh?
but my goodness, what a creature
eh And what are you going to ask for a bison from the hua
civil also in
note your live
timed
verified
verified verify you everything Then
Now let's see who has the biggest balls
fat Javi
oliveira you or
Yo man, you have really big balls.
to go to the civil guard that piece of
ridiculous, I'm telling you, pringo. I mean you.
you have really really big balls
go to the civil guard to do that piece
It's not ridiculous because you have to have them
huge please beg you like
Loli werta begging me to demand it
I beg you
loser
Record yourself, record yourself please and give it to me tomorrow
the live show of my life on Telesalseo
Record yourself, I beg you.
loser okay record yourself going to your appointment
the civil guard to
to bother the authorities and to annoy them
to tell him look
you contacted a relative I am
youtuber okay I am a youtuber and
We contacted a relative to make
a bombshell interview that we believed
that was going to be the hit of the year has told us
burst in the hand I'm sending you an audio
to a subscriber to donate to me
telling her that the other has lied
audio the subscriber betrays me and
He sends it to Loli, okay in the audio
I look ridiculous Lolly publishes it on her
channel in the
I react directly in my live show that
I have an audience and I put the audio on it
audio does not talk about anything intimate of mine
He talks about me being a liar and a
loser and I want
report Javi Oliveira to the cats and
to the 57 accounts that have retweeted it
you are a real loser
You are the most [ __ ] ridiculous And look what I see
ridiculous things here
eh Wait wait Wait wait Wait
They just sent me Wait wait
Wait wait no no this has been put
Seriously, this has gotten serious, wait
Wait wait
Wait wait wait wait this is
has put
serious guard
civil I have a video I have a video
I have a leaked video of how things go
likes How are the likes going How are the likes going
likes
1488 likes 51 new members I don't me
I'm not going to jail for this, eh?
Guys, I'm not going to jail for
this
eh I just got leaked a video of the
Civil Guard taking the appointment with the ARD
of
Troy
or we instantly reach 2000
likes or I'm going to the youth center now
I risk going to jail myself by filtering.
this
Hey, I'm going to jail.
eh I'm risking jail Eh leaking This
or we immediately reach 2000
likes or I'm going right now to the
kids, let's see what he's done
Pereira, I can't take it anymore.
internet all verified
Here tomorrow, making an appointment at the guard
civil
When you go to jail I'll keep your
schedule No no if you go inside You
you have retweeted and liked the live or
be all of you who like the live stream
you're going to jail
eh it has been certified by the
Tania seriously
Hey, the L's don't go up, they're stuck.
Hey, the likes have been caught.
kids have been caught like
the ear of
You give Troy right now
like or I'm going to the youth center
or I put a frame I put you a
frame
to the one from Troy on guard
civil denouncing his
privacy to the Trojan in the guard
civilian defending his
honor
Oh, it doesn't open. Oh, it doesn't open.
It opens very interesting I will write it down in my
typewriter
invisible like your shame, Troy burns
invisible you
Okay, I hope so.
Yes, on top of that, challenging notes are worth it.
I hope so. Well, I just [ __ ] myself.
the pants right now with your
Troy's complaint the truth is that I
I just took a [ __ ]
I just [ __ ] myself so much that I'm going to
put the audio back on so that it
certify
what a fool you are
silly
Look, look, look. Listen to this, you loser.
Well wait, I didn't have it very much
hand
This but it looks like a copied version
listen listen
loser
Luis the sister and at the time he told us
that the flight was saying was true
The one who had cancer is the sister
and I've been covering it up this time
for not discovering it and that
destroy and you are already seeing the payment that
giving talk with the Her saar the aud
shut Jordi and Grandpa up now
and that you shut up your little mouth, let's go
to listen to it again
loser and already at the time he told us that
what the flight was saying was
true And at the time he told us that
truth Which is already at the moment because
Of course you are talking about an interview
what have you done to him now and if now
you are already talking at the time that
before the interview before those
audio you already knew the topic for a long time
a kiss immita has there is ex tradition in
London there is an ex tradition in London for
If I have to go there, what?
London is beautiful, AC had cancer in
Noo's sister, she and I have been
covering it up all this time I've been
covering it this time good audio ar of
Troy good audio is the best content
that you have created Since you have opened up
I would have liked the YouTube channel
added one more thing I've been
covering it up this time because I'm a
Shameless and a loser, okay. But good.
audio is not bad to start with
discover it and have it destroyed for not
discover it I've been covering it up this
time for not
discover it
and you are already seeing the payment that is
giving talk to the sister and taking out the
audio and you are already seeing payment that is
giving because you would have liked it
another payment truth of
Troy to shut Jordi's mouth now
to the
Grandpa and me Wait Wait Wait
This is a gem. Eh. This is the last gem. Eh.
This last gem to talk to the sister and
Taking out the Audis was to shut him up
already at
Jordi talk to the sister and take out the
audios were to shut him up on the fly
to the
okay, so you don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ]
Defending Loli is worth the flight to you
It is giving even in the palate because
you're stupid you're very stupid okay You do
You have a defect, you can do it
say that you have a defect because it
The truth is that I do think you have it
Okay, eh. Because to do the things that
you do you must
have her And instead of defending Loli, okay
what is all chopped up with the flight and the
another the other is chopped with the flight
because he tried to climb to try
approach the flight and Jordi made him
pam pam pam pam read him the riot act very
good and for you
home and now those of the flight because
seen they are going to release something else and the flight and
that you sit down and keep your little mouth shut
lies felt so bad that I named
the disease every day
disease that they say that
have
now they say that they have now they say
they you who have said until until
that you saw the scar there is not for
publicly embarrass them
publicly shame because they are
making money off a person
that is sick because they are winning
money at the expense of a person who is
sick. That is, you are saying in the audio
Not only that Loli lied
according to you but what are you saying in the
audio that you
you cover up to say what they have said
on the flight it is a lie
and blame them for monetizing
with a sick person or something
I translate it, okay, I put it back and I do it
I translate so that people can see what
you are worth the kind of wreck you are
The ard of Troyes is worth the class of plunder
that you are made
listen to yourself listen to your little mouth with
lie so bad that I name the
illness every day the illness
What they say they have is
to embarrass the losos
publicly shame others
publicly because they are making money
at the expense of a person who is sick
That's why I've been saying for a while now
whatever it is is a sick person because
That's why I've been saying it for a while now
whatever it is is lying or it isn't
a sick person is worth it or even if it
that they are taking out on the flight is true
I have this part that has confirmed it to me
Bad sister covered her to continue
throwing [ __ ] at the flight attendant and accusing
of monetizing from a person
I've been sick for a long time, I know what it is
It's been a while since I knew what was happening
passing by, scoundrel
mortadelo So take care of yourself but don't let yourself
I'm upset with this news but
Loli has never had cancer I hope
Don't dislike it, but I'm going to give it to you.
tell Now although I know it for a long time
time as I just said in the audio
a kiss Miss a kiss gorgeous or so
Look at what you are, eh Look at what you are
To the one from Troy what are you going to put?
This audio to the Civil Guard The guard
civil will take you like that
shirt because of the hair you can't
He's going to grab you by the vest and
go like this, get out of here, dirty, and also you
He's going to say it even if he's a fool
what are you, come on, listen to me, what, what
You are able to find out about such a thing
serious but you're going to keep pretending you're going to
continue pretending that others are lying
instead of Loli being the one lying
Okay, even if you're betraying her for
behind because you don't want anything more than
You wanted it for what you wanted it for
dear and even if you are betraying her
behind you will hide that the other
He is lying Although according to you, he knows it
from a long time ago but you're going to do it
hide so that others look bad
because they are monetizing with a person
sick or to put it another way
your textual comments are right.
all the possible, all the ridiculousness of
world to hide the audio if it is
This audio is going to be something that will interest you
haunt your whole life every time you
Let's talk about you, I'll play you the audio.
Every time we talk about you I'm going to
put the audio is the audio of the
shame the audio of shame is O
be that you
you are silent and it takes time because of that because
You know what you said in the audio, huh?
That's why he's been saying for a long time that it should be the case.
that it refers to the clide Surely
It refers to the clide. So what if it is?
lying that whatever it is is a
sick person whether it is true or false
It is a sick person to tell the
others who are profiting from a person
sick I have a [ __ ] ard of Troy in
the one you take and start saying that I
I'll put the videos for you, I'll put the videos for you
to Peppa yellow purple I don't know what no
I know how much it's worth And when Loli is
warm up in your Crusade you remember
not in your Crusade no and he releases 500
Peppa pigs when Peppa says Ouch
They put them in Yellow, I am
working very very very hard and I got it
They put it in Yellow, take it and Filemon
loose is not that now that now that
Loli isn't listening to me Loli Loli
Now that Loli isn't listening to me
They put them all on me too
Yellow normal man, let them put them on you
in Yellow
loser if you start saying that a
woman deserves to be blown up in the
mouth until it bleeds, well, you tell me
you do put it in you
yellow
loser and you're going to start saying that
the others monetize with a woman
You have her sick, go on
Panda you have to not
see
Let's see what they have sent me something that already
It's the crown, yes, it can be crowned more.
is going to be crowned now no A
see to
see
makes fluff very well makes fluff very well
Moon well weekend not weekend
that other people support it and well then no
I know if you want to see more of this
such a wonderful lady who has turned out
be her because I asked for it to go to the letter today
goes to the letter
lady if you do it with it is more wearable
worse well change course and we are going to another one
topic I don't have much more topics alici
make this clear and pointed out by not
I have much more
certain topic is if I know it I will not come in
direct I think it starts now and I
I would like
I would like to see it and support it so I will
see if it is in
direct attentive attentive to the chat not it
You'll see, but wait, I'll put it.
in
screen is that the chat that has this
dude, you don't have this dude either.
They can aspire to more, but you can't either.
aspire more says the condemnation calls you
loser Well, he will be a repeat offender like the
complaint continues
go ahead, me, me, what do I do? Uncle, how do I
I'm going to the kids' room now with
This is what the sentence is called loser.
will be
repeat offender as the complaint continues
forward
Oh my God Oh my God Imagine the
judgment
recidivist
repeat offender, what a bunch of criminals
we are
facts
And if it's live we'll all go
with Andrés because I have already said what
I had to say, eh, I don't know if he'll talk.
on your channel about this for now
leave the statement
Ah, they are consuming it so much directly, right?
You should not have time to eat for me if
He doesn't eat or drink, it's all the same to me
drink water that is very good for the diet
from the summer eh I'm going to see if Andr is in
direct and we are going to go with him leave me a
second I don't see it I don't see it
Here here let me send you a WhatsApp
It's on hold and I'll send people to it.
a WhatsApp what
It takes a while, okay? I ask you.
Yoli
It's in part two as it is not
from
Now what is this that I have to
see a kiss boss what are you doing here
watching or what making the show there
I'm going
leave
I understand by listening
putting on a show I'm going to
say says Hunter says I just spoke
with the buses to pick up
all those reported by Spain trip
Yata grande alsa Thank you very much
alsa thank you very much alsa A very nice detail
It's true that he's making a show of his life
life there I go
let's see, let's see, a good listener, I
is listening to what seems to me that
is making a show of his
life you have seen the
use you have seen how
They wanted me to, of course, and without knowing, I said
This is what I say, I know how to go and attack, no
It can't be what they just told me.
send a [ __ ] one now
I refuse to put it as a joke. It's just that it is
that I refuse to put what they finish me
of
send is that I refuse to put what I
have just
send is that I do not put it, let's go that no
gives me the
wins
What level is this? Let's go.
jma
you guys
do you remember
I'm leaving now, eh I'm going to leave now because
you are already me
killing I'll pass on this now eh
Tomorrow you will remember one that is
the moderator of
Loli, do you remember one that is the
Loli's moderator while Loli
insulted insulted insulted in his
direct
and the moderator in the chat said in
This channel does not allow fouls
Do you remember respect for other YouTubers?
That's why I don't have the capture. It's that
I don't have the capture at hand. Well then.
that same one in the Chadar of Troy
who is moderating the chadar today
Troy in the Chadar of Troy
has put the following has asked Suar
it
next let's not name bodies of the
been by
favor
guard
keep this is a state body that
a state body must be appointed
Sevillian let us not name the body of the
State says not to be given up
I allude to the fact that I can't handle this anymore.
people why I defend that my sister
it shouldn't have been
exposed and you have seen the
show there I'm going to leave it to me already
demonstrated by what Pepa has said
today that they kept in touch being
you have officially fought again
seen
This guy is a liar about how he handles his audience.
How you are lying to me
I ordered and I can't find anything in it.
120 I don't see anything in it
127 of course is not the 127 it is the
100027 mi
family something of the audio would have had
to say something by force instead of
mark the intense monologue to the lady
Victoria, widow of a water dog
I had to
have is in part two as you know
This is said by Alne's dog
listen to this Listen
Listen to what he says about the dog
of
alne what you have done and of all the
messages that there are and of all things
that my family has heard my
family
audio something by force instead of
mark the intense monologue of the lady
Victoria, widow of a water dog in
instead of that is saying that Anne
she is giving a widow's speech
a mutt of
water
Oh, I thought Victoria was the one.
for Alanne's as she is messed up with him
dog That is, the widow of a dog
Water tells Victoria, "Holy crap!"
you
What an element. Well, what is it?
It can't get any worse either.
No, but it can't get any worse either.
not one
more Victoria's uncle's dog died
trust what the one who says
He is supposed to defend Loli Huerta
So that others do not monetize with one
sick according to him, eh, his words, I don't
I say that no one is a sick person according to him
the one who is supposed to defend that
Loli Huerta that Monetic trust you what
what it says
Uncle Whatsit
what a nerdy character you are
loser, I'm going to the kids' room, because I already
you're fed up with it
you guys eh
Listen to me for an hour and a half live.
here only if the colleagues here
eating it with me, what a [ __ ]
[ __ ] this sunset has been 3 hours and oops 3
hours and [ __ ] TR was going to say
3 and a half hours here by myself today
smeared with
This I mean fate you I'm looking forward to seeing the
Direct from Tania about what we just finished
to see why Claro was outraged
very much so he was very indignant because
I said that I was the one who did Martar Castillo
I was comparing with a
dog when my intention was
Good Imagine what he will think of you
I said that, I'm not saying it because
coherence for coherence's sake
For consistency, Tania, tomorrow
Well, for consistency, Tania is going to explode.
with this
Hey, listen to me, I'm stressed out and here
there are not even 2000 likes
Ok, today you have exploited me, tomorrow you won't.
I think I'll do it live
Hey people what
People, how generous we are to tell you
people by the way
Hey, how generous we are to call this one
people people
Eh and now I have the other thing left in the in the
Salseria listen to me family Many
Thank you for this little while that was going to be a
a little while and it's 3 and a half hours I love you
Thank you very much for the
company
eh I'm going there I'm going to the
salseria in case there is anyone who
wants to go please don't forget
support the newscast I posted this afternoon
a newscast eh enter give it like
sharing it and all those things is worth it And I
I'm going to put on your best clothes
Tomorrow we have an appointment at the guard.
Civilian tomorrow we have an appointment at the guard
civil vale
mm I'll get a cleaning done
Cara handles my secondary channel very well
Hey, I've given you some content for tomorrow, huh?
you have to react tomorrow
Hey, see you, see you in your chair.
See you tomorrow, handsome, goodbye, go to the
newscast is worth it, go to the newscast of
This afternoon go to the newscast
This afternoon I'll like all that stuff.
and tomorrow depends on how the environment is
I'll connect or not. Let's see if it can be that
tomorrow eye
eye
mortadella and
mortadella and salami
police
[Music]
of all the twitterers eh all the
criminals who have given like eh Y
retweet Carol is the ringleader of
The Squad
Hey Lady F, you fate, you the poor guard
civ tomorrow when he sees the loser come in
by the
[Music]
J tan door
Loli, you are shirtless, you piece of [ __ ].
criminal seems to be coming out of the
[Music]
secot This is also a repeat offender
eh est remember that we are
condemned indiscreet television
has nothing to do with it
discreet
[Music]
criminal criminal and
hitman the organizer Who is he
responsible Who am I? I know it.
I am I am I am I am
[Music]
I am me
I am He
boss the
G The convicted repeat offender now
Repeat offender okay, please, a kiss Maite
heart Te
[Music]
I want There I am There I am I don't
I never escape, man, I don't escape, man.
They always catch me messing up with the family
until tomorrow a huge kiss, gorgeous ones
bye